Chapter 8: Sirius Claw
Phew!

The Scarlet Flame Python opened its mouth wide, venom spurted out, drops of saliva fell, the ground around it suddenly made a sizzling sound, and a foul smell continued to come out.

roar!

The Red Flame Python's attack missed and it felt the pain on its back. It let out a hiss and charged towards Silver Moon.

It must kill Silver Moon today.

When the Red Flame Python sprayed venom, Cang Hen had already taken the antidote and took out a towel to cover his mouth and nose.

His physical body is a little stronger than that of an ordinary person now, but he will definitely not be able to withstand inhaling the poisonous gas of the Red Flame Python.

He also gave Yin Yue an antidote to prevent any accidents.

Biting is Yin Yue's attack skill. She can use the strength of her body, add it to her teeth, and use the terrifying bite force to tear the opponent's flesh and blood.

Because of its poor quality, the extremely arrogant Yin Yue rarely uses it.

The silver moon's figure moved and flashed around, playing to its greatest advantage and fighting with the red flame python!

Cang Hen was nervous. This was not a solution.

He was thinking carefully about the key to breaking the deadlock!

"Yin Yue, our target is the Red Flame Grass. There is no need to continue fighting it! Grab the Red Flame Grass for me!"

Cang Hen's heart moved slightly, and then he ran towards the back of the cave.

He didn't want to become the target of the Red Flame Python.

Cang Hen fell into a misunderstanding just now. His target was the Red Flame Grass, not the Red Flame Python.

What Yin Yue is most proud of is its speed. As long as it gets three red flame grasses, it can complete a task. But now, Yin Yue wants to take all these red flame grasses away!

It suffered a great loss at the hands of the Red Flame Python and it wanted revenge.

Yin Yue's body paused for a moment, and then rushed towards the Red Flame Grass not far away at a very fast speed.

It wants to take away all these red flame grasses.

Red Flame Grass is an important resource for the Red Flame Python to break through the Black Iron level. If the Red Flame Python loses these Red Flame Grasses, it can also break through the Black Iron level, but it is unknown how long it will take.

The Red Flame Python was not a fool. Seeing Yin Yue rushing towards his baby, he became extremely anxious.

He originally wanted to kill Cang Hen, but seeing that Cang Hen was about to disappear, he could only roar and chase after Yin Yue.

"Humans are despicable!"

Yin Yue is fast, but Red Flame Python is not slow either. After all, there is a gap in strength between the two sides.

Feeling the hot breath behind him, Yin Yue's running body suddenly stopped, and his body twisted quickly, and a cold light burst out.

But this time, Yin Yue made a wrong prediction!

What greeted him was the tail of the Red Flame Python!

boom!

A heavy roar flashed in the cave, and Yin Yue's body was blown away.

There was a flash of excitement in the Red Flame Python's eyes. It would be fine if you always rely on your speed, but if you want to launch a sneak attack on me, you're still far from it!

Everyone knows that snake monsters have the best patience and are the best assassins.

Cang Hen's face changed slightly, and he shouted in his heart, "Yin Yue, run!"

Yin Yue's body was strong and she was blown away by the Red Flame Python, but she was not injured at all, only her hair was in a very messy state.

But at this moment, Yin Yue was also feeling depressed.

He is a Silver Moon Wolf, but he was suppressed by this little snake for so long. It is a shame for the Silver Moon Wolf clan.

Endless anger flashed in Yin Yue's silver eyes.

At the same time, the power of the blood in the body was activated, and the perfect high-level blood burst out, and an intense moonlight light burst out from Yin Yue's body.

"Sirly Wolf Claw!"

A piece of information flashed across Cang Hen's sea of ​​consciousness.

Yin Yue awakened a new skill.

Yin Yue's eyes became extremely indifferent, cold and ruthless.

The moonlight continued to shine, and the shadow of a three-meter-tall heavenly wolf suddenly appeared. A huge energy wave emerged all around, and a moon-colored claw mark suddenly appeared in front of the silver moon.

"Sirly Wolf Claw!"

Silver Moon's body suddenly pounced out, and the moon-colored claw marks exuded a terrifying pressure. Energy surged, and the sharp claws swung, hitting directly on the head of the Red Flame Python.

boom!

The Red Flame Python's huge head was blown away, stars appeared in its eyes, blood spurted out, its scales were shattered, and its body fell heavily to the ground, twisting continuously.

A hint of fear flashed in the Red Flame Python's eyes at this powerful energy fluctuation!

What bloodline does this wolf cub have?

The Red Flame Python struggled and tried to get up from the ground, but it felt a sharp pain in its head.

"The Wolf Claw! It is an offensive skill of the Silver Moon Wolf Clan. It can transform energy into a claw mark. In addition to energy, it also has the power of shock!"

Cang Hen was amazed.

This skill was indeed very powerful, and the Red Flame Python was seriously injured.

Yin Yue was breathing rapidly; it was indeed pushed into a corner just now.

His blood burst into life, and the latent energy in his body began to surge, awakening this skill.

It was also because of the powerful pressure exerted on it by the Red Flame Python that it was able to successfully awaken a skill.

Cang Hen's figure appeared, he had been observing.

"Yin Yue, kill him!"

Now Yin Yue suddenly exploded, directly injuring the Red Flame Python, forcing Cang Hen to change his plan.

Now is the time to reap the fruits of victory.

Yin Yue's body flashed, and without any hesitation, he swung out his sharp claws, blood spurted out, and the Red Flame Python instantly lost its breath.

"Yin Yue, collect those red flame grasses!"

Cang Hen said to Yin Yue, and then his mind moved slightly, and his blood crystal talent was activated.

The body of the Red Flame Python quickly disappeared, and in the blink of an eye, a blood essence appeared, leaving only a crystal core of the Red Flame Python in its place.

This time's harvest made Cang Hen extremely satisfied.

He obtained more than a dozen red flame grasses at once, not only completing a task but also making a small fortune.

Yin Yue swallowed the blood essence and the crystal core of the Red Flame Python, having just experienced a bloody battle.

Now Yin Yue is in urgent need of energy replenishment.

The crystal core of the Red Flame Python contains explosive energy that Yin Yue cannot absorb all of it in a short time.

After Yin Yue completely absorbs this crystal core, her strength will be further improved.

Yin Yue has awakened a powerful skill, and her own strength will also be greatly increased.

This wave is worth it!

Cang Hen observed the cave carefully.

He has always been wondering how this cave was formed?

You know, there are a large number of black pines in the entire Black Tooth Mountain. This kind of plant likes a cool environment.

But now, above this cave, there is liquid fire flowing out and gathering into magma!

Is there something hidden above this cave?

Cang Hen's original plan was to stay on Black Tooth Mountain for a few days. After getting familiar with the environment, he would go to another place to continue his training. Because of the environment in Black Tooth Mountain, the chance of finding Red Flame Grass was very small.

But now, he actually found the Red Flame Grass in Black Tooth Mountain!

Perhaps there is some opportunity or treasure hidden in this?

Cang Hen’s mind was full of thoughts!
