Chapter 8 Contract Ghost Tiger, The Lovely Lin Ruoyu
"Brother Mo, are you really planning to take the entrance exam to Qingyuan Academy?"

On the way home, Sun Lei asked.

"Yeah." Lin Mo nodded.

"Then I'll go to Qingyuan too." Sun Lei said immediately.

He has a D-level talent. Although he cannot enjoy the same level of treatment as Lin Ruoyu, he will have no problem getting into Qingyuan.

"Okay, let's go to Qingyuan together!" Lin Mo said with a smile: "By the way, I never had the chance to ask you, what is your talent? What kind of pet did the school give you?"

"The talent is strength enhancement, and the pet is a silver intermediate iron claw bear!" said Sun Lei.

Lin Mo nodded: "Very good, the Iron Claw Bear is a typical power-type beast, and it fits your talent very well."

"Brother Mo, what about you? What is a pet?" Sun Lei asked.

Lin Mo：“……”

If you don't ask this, we will still be good brothers.

But in the end, he still told Sun Lei about the green turtle.

Others might laugh at him for this, but Sun Lei certainly wouldn't.

Sun Lei was silent for a moment: "Brother Mo, how about giving you my Iron Claw Bear? It just so happens that I don't have a contract yet."

"What nonsense are you talking about!" Lin Mo slapped Sun Lei on the head: "I'm not a strength-oriented person, so your Iron Claw Bear is useless."

"Brother Mo, I'm serious. Anyway, my talent level is high, so it doesn't matter if my pet's aptitude is poor." Sun Lei said, "But you, with F-level talent, if you get the green-shelled turtle, then..."

Then there is really no way to turn things around.

But he didn't have the guts to say this.

Lin Mo smiled: "Why? Do you look down on my F-level talent?"

Sun Lei immediately became anxious: "Brother Mo, you know that's not what I meant. How could I, how could I look down on you."

"Okay, I understand!" Lin Mo patted Sun Lei on the shoulder: "Look what this is?"

He had an idea.

The pet egg that Lin Ruoyu gave him appeared in his hand.

"A high-quality pet egg! Where did you get it... Did School Beauty Lin give it to you?" Sun Lei was stunned, then reacted suddenly.

Lin Mo nodded: "So, don't worry about me. When you get home, quickly sign your Iron Claw Bear contract."

"Good!" Sun Lei couldn't close his mouth with a smile, and was happy for Lin Mo from the bottom of his heart.

Then, he looked at Lin Mo with some gossip: "Brother Mo, what about you and the campus beauty of Lin University..."

Lin Mo rolled his eyes: "Why call her Lin University Campus Beauty? From now on, call her sister-in-law!"

"f**k!" Sun Lei couldn't help but let out a sigh of admiration: "Brother Mo is Brother Mo, awesome!"

……

Back home.

My parents haven't gotten off work yet.

Lin Mo took advantage of this time to take out the ghost tiger's egg and start the contract.

Generally speaking, a newly-appointed Beast Tamer cannot contract a second pet.

Because the trainee beastmaster's beast taming space is not stable enough, and the restraint on the pet is insufficient.

If you contract multiple pets at the same time, there is a high possibility that the pets will break free from the contract.

But Lin Mo is different.

His beast-taming space is not only large enough, but also absolutely stable.

So theoretically speaking, Lin Mo can now contract many pets.

Of course, the premise is that he can afford it.

A moment later, as the contract formation sank into the eggshell, cracks immediately appeared on the light blue egg.

Then, a little tiger the size of a palm, with ice-blue fur with black stripes and looking slightly transparent, crawled out of the eggshell.

【Name】：Ghost Tiger.

【Attribute】: Water system.

[Qualification]: Intermediate Gold.

[Talented Skills]: Stealth (Advanced), Water Blade (Advanced).

【Growth Level】: Juvenile stage 1.

This information does not come from Lin Mo's memory.

It was because he had established a spiritual connection with the Ghost Tiger, so he knew it naturally.

"As expected of a pet of gold rank, it is born with two advanced skills."

Lin Mo was a little emotional.

Compared to the Green Turtle's [Turtle (Low Level)], the starting attributes of this ghost tiger are simply too good.

At the same time, he once again felt the feeling of being strengthened physically and mentally.

Moreover, the degree of enhancement is greater than that brought to him by the Green-shelled Turtle.

This is why all beastmasters want to contract a high-quality pet.

A pet with high qualifications not only has stronger combat power and a higher growth limit, but also provides stronger feedback to the beastmaster.

“Roar…”

As the little guy came out, he let out a soft roar.

Lin Mo immediately understood what it meant.

"I'm so hungry."

Lin Mo：“……”

I'm so hungry too!

He was overwhelmed when he thought about opening his eyes every day to see two hungry pets opening their mouths for food.

Make money!

He must find a way to make money!

"jingle!"

At this time, the text message alert sounded.

Lin Mo took out his cell phone and took a look.

[Your account with the last digit 6505 has received 3,000,000.00 yuan, and the current balance is 3,001,864.52 yuan. ]

The money that the rich woman lent him arrived in his account.

Along with it, there is also a message.

"Even if you can't get into Qingyuan, you are still my stamp of approval. Don't feel too stressed!"

Lin Mo couldn't help laughing.

Why didn’t I realize before that Lin Ruoyu has such a lovely side.

and……

Borrowing 200 and transferring it to 300, his girlfriend is really rich!

I replied to Lin Ruoyu: Don’t worry, it’s just Qingyuan, I can handle it.

Then, Lin Mo looked at Ghost Tiger: "From now on, you will be called White Tiger, but in order to avoid misunderstanding, I will usually call you Xiaobai!"

"Now, go stay in the Beast Taming Space first. I'll get you something to eat!"

After he finished speaking, he moved his mind and put Xiaobai into the beast taming space.

When Xiaobai entered the beast taming space for the first time, his reaction was the same as Xuanwu’s before, he was also stunned.

However, compared to Xuanwu who was stunned for more than ten seconds, Xiaobai's reaction was obviously faster. He came to his senses after only three seconds.

Then the little guy cheered and ran into the woods on the island to have fun.

I have to say, compared to the 'empty room shrouded in fog' of other beastmasters, Lin Mo's beastmaster space is truly a paradise.

At least for other trainee beastmasters, it is simply impossible to let their pets run wild in the beast taming space at this stage.

Then, Lin Mo looked at Xuanwu's situation again.

I found that after this guy had eaten and drunk his fill, he actually went back to sleep.

He was too lazy to care about it for the time being.

It takes a long time to cultivate the green turtle's spatial properties for them to take effect.

And he will take the exam in three months.

Therefore, his training focus for the next period of time will be on Xiaobai.

With Xiaobai's initial attributes, as long as he is trained properly, he should be able to enter Qingyuan Academy in the near future.

As soon as the thought came to his mind, he quickly changed his clothes, called Sun Lei, and headed straight for Daxia Mall.

Daxia Group is a leading company in China's retail industry, with shopping malls in almost all cities with a population of over one million.

"Brother Mo, what are we doing here?"

Looking at the slightly luxurious building in front of him, Sun Lei was a little puzzled.

This place is not a place for two poor students like them to come.

"Of course we come here to spend money!" Lin Mo pulled Sun Lei and strode in.
