Chapter 5: Contract Success, Apprentice Beast Tamer
After leaving the training center.

Lin Mo found an empty classroom and walked in.

He planned to sign the beast taming contract with the green-shelled turtle first.

On the one hand, after signing the contract, he can immediately put the green-shelled turtle into the beast-controlling space.

Considering the abnormality of his [God-level Beast Taming Space], if the Green-armored Turtle entered it one second later, it would be a loss.

On the other hand, he still felt somewhat ashamed walking on the road holding a green-shelled turtle.

Although he knew that this green-shelled turtle would become very powerful in the future, other people didn't know.

And even if it can become a bull skin, that will be in the future. Right now... it is just an ordinary green! Shell! Turtle!

Place the green turtle on a desk.

Lin Mo patted the turtle shell with his hand, trying to wake this guy up.

But after waiting for a few seconds, I found that this guy was still sleeping.

He increased his strength and slapped again.

Three seconds, five seconds...

Still no response!

"hiss……"

Lin Mo has a toothache.

He clenched his fist and punched the turtle shell hard.

Now, the green turtle finally woke up.

I saw it slowly sticking its head out of its shell, opening its pea-sized eyes and looking at Lin Mo blankly, as if it was doing the classic triple combo.

who I am?

Where am I?

Who hit me??

Lin Mo almost laughed out loud at the stupidity of the green turtle.

He quickly repeated "Space System, Space System, Space System" three times in his mind, and then he suppressed the urge to punch it again.

He looked at the green-shelled turtle and said, "I am going to sign a beast control contract with you now. Don't resist. Do you understand?"

The green-shelled turtle looked at Lin Mo, its little eyes still blank.

Lin Mo：“……”

He didn't need to ask this question.

Immediately, he bit his index finger, used his mental power as a guide and his blood as ink, and began to draw a contract array on the shell of the green-shelled turtle.

When the magic circle was halfway drawn, the green-shelled turtle seemed to sense something was wrong and moved its body slightly.

At the same time, Lin Mo also clearly felt that the green turtle's mental fluctuations contained thoughts of resistance.

"You still know how to resist? Not bad, it means you're not that stupid."

Lin Mo felt slightly relieved, and while continuing to draw the magic circle, he began to use his consciousness to convey his thoughts.

One of the functions of the contract array is to help the beastmaster and his pet establish a spiritual connection.

That's why he could sense the green turtle's mental fluctuations of resistance.

Similarly, the green-shelled turtle at this time could also sense his thoughts.

"Little guy, my beast control space is much more comfortable than the training center you stayed in before."

"And if you follow me, I can not only let you eat delicious food and drink spicy drinks, but also make you stronger quickly."

"You don't want to be so weak forever, do you?"

After these words were spoken, the green turtle's consciousness of resistance gradually disappeared.

Lin Mo breathed a sigh of relief and quickly sped up the drawing of the magic circle.

During the contract process, if the pet resists too violently, the contract will fail.

Once it fails, it will take at least a month to sign a contract again, which is quite time-consuming.

Soon, the magic circle was drawn.

A hint of white light first appeared on the blood-colored magic circle, and then quickly sank into the body of the green turtle.

At the same time, Lin Mo felt a warm current flowing through his body, but there was a cool feeling in his brain.

Both feelings didn't last long, but after they disappeared, he seemed to have more strength and was in better spirits than before.

A smile appeared at the corner of Lin Mo's mouth.

This reaction occurred because he received power feedback from his pet, which improved his mental strength and physical fitness.

This also means that his contract with the Green Tortoise was successful.

From this moment on, he was a glorious "apprentice beastmaster".

At this time, when he looked at the green turtle again, he could accurately read the information from its confused little eyes.

Because the Beast Taming Contract helped them establish a close spiritual connection.

Therefore, he can easily sense the thoughts of his pet, and similarly, his pet can also sense his thoughts.

For example, right now, the Green Turtle is talking about...

"Oh my god, can you be any more useless?" Lin Mo was speechless.

Because what the Green Tortoise is saying now is: "Where is the delicious food and spicy drinks you mentioned???"

When he said, "You don't want to be so weak forever," the Green Turtle's resistance disappeared.

At that time, he thought that the Green Tortoise stopped resisting in order to become stronger.

But now it seems that this guy just wanted to eat, but because of his slow reaction, he was also slow to withdraw his resistance.

"Forget it, since you are a space-type person, I will endure it!"

Lin Mo gritted his teeth and said, "Wait for the food, I'll get it for you later. Now I have to give you a name."

He stroked his chin and said, "From now on, you will be called... Xuanwu!"

The appearance of the green turtle is already very ugly, so the name must be more domineering.

Also, Lin Mo wants to use this name to remind himself that he is an Earthling.

"Now, go back to the Beast Taming Space and rest. I'll get you something to eat."

After saying that, Lin Mo moved his mind, and the green-shelled turtle on the table instantly appeared in the beast taming space.

Lin Mo's consciousness immediately followed.

In fact, even without his consciousness entering the beast-taming space, he could still sense the state of Xuanwu inside.

But this was the first time a pet entered the Beast Taming Space, so he wanted to see it "with his own eyes".

The moment he entered the beast-taming space, Xuanwu was obviously stunned.

Then, after about ten seconds, Lin Mo had a thought: This place is so beautiful, it is indeed much better than the training center.

Then, Xuanwu stretched out its four legs and quickly crawled towards the ocean area beside the island.

That cheerful look was completely different from the guy who couldn't be awakened no matter how hard he tried.

Lin Mo smiled slightly, regained consciousness, and walked towards the Academic Affairs Office.

The school will provide one month of free "animal food" to each student who receives a pet.

It can be considered as a transition period for students who have just become apprentice beastmasters.

Therefore, Lin Mo doesn't have to worry about Xuanwu's feeding problem within a month, but after a month, it will all depend on him.

Arrived at the Academic Affairs Office.

After filling in the simple information.

Lin Mo received a full 100 kilograms of... "dried fish".

This dried fish is not the same as the dried fish on Earth.

It is made entirely from air-dried live fish. Each one is as big as a finger, with the intestines and stomach still intact, and is absolutely authentic.

Moreover, there are sixteen kinds of fish in this hundred kilograms, which are matched in strict proportion to fully guarantee the diversified nutritional needs of pets.

"People are worse than turtles!"

Lin Mo couldn't help but sigh.

Since he came into this world, he has never enjoyed the treatment of having someone prepare meals for him.

After putting the dried fish into the beast taming space, Lin Mo walked towards the classroom.

According to the procedure, the head teacher will then tell them some things to pay attention to when taming beasts.

However, as soon as he reached the classroom door, he was stopped by someone.

The most beautiful girl in their class.

She is also the school beauty.

Lin Ruoyu!
