Chapter 4: Found a Treasure?
Normally, the first issue to consider when choosing a pet cub is the compatibility between the pet's talent for taming the beast and the pet.

For example, for a student whose talent is [Strength Amplification], it would be most appropriate for him to choose a strength-type pet.

Because only in this way can the effect of the beast taming talent be maximized.

On this basis, if conditions permit, other factors can be considered, such as the pet's qualifications, level, race... and so on.

But Lin Mo is different.

With the [God-level Beast Taming Space], compatibility, qualifications, and levels can be completely ignored by him.

There is only one factor he needs to consider - the cost of training!

It costs a lot of money to raise a pet.

And he is very poor now.

certainly.

If he does not have god-level talent, no matter how poor he is, he will give priority to choosing the pet that suits him best.

But who let him have it?

So, isn't it good to spend the least money to cultivate the strongest beast? ?

After making the decision, Lin Mo went straight to the teacher in charge of the pet cubs and told him his request.

The teacher's name is Huang Bin. After hearing Lin Mo's request, he asked, "Are you sure you only consider the training cost and don't care about anything else?"

"Sure!" Lin Mo nodded.

"Student, if you have financial difficulties, the school can help you apply for a loan. We in Huaxia provide subsidies in this regard, and the interest rate will not be very high."

“Moreover, the income of a Beastmaster is not low. Once you become a formal Beastmaster, it will be easy to pay off the debt. You must not waste your talent due to financial pressure, as that would be counterproductive.” Huang Bin said earnestly.

"Thank you, teacher, but I still insist." Lin Mo said.

"Okay!" Huang Bin nodded and said nothing more.

For some families, even with a loan, it is not enough to solve the problem.

Therefore, he could also understand Lin Mo's choice.

He took out a card from the drawer and handed it to Lin Mo: "Take this to go through the formalities. I guarantee that this is definitely the best pet cub to raise in the entire Chuan Ning City, no doubt about it."

“Thank you, teacher!”

Lin Mo took the card and left.

On the card was a number - G4681.

The breeding center of Twinings High School has more than 300 different kinds of pets, with thousands of each type.

In order to facilitate management, each pet was given a number.

Starting with G, it means that the pet that Lin Mo wants to receive is in the G area of ​​the breeding center.

After arriving at the place.

Lin Mo went straight to the window for handling procedures and handed over the card.

The female teacher in charge of registration took a look at the card and was slightly stunned: "Are you sure you want to take this one? Why don't you go and take a look at it first and then make a decision?"

"No need, this is it." Lin Mo shook his head.

There's nothing good to see. To him, all pets are the same.

"Student, the collection procedures are entered directly into the system. Once entered, they cannot be changed. Have you really thought about it?" the female teacher asked again.

"I've thought about it, just go ahead and do the formalities for me!" Lin Mo said.

The female teacher then said nothing and began to enter the information on the computer.

Although this world is dominated by beast taming, the development of technology is not backward, and the overall level is similar to that of the Earth before Lin Mo crossed over.

However, it is limited to cities.

Once you leave the city, it's a completely different scene, because outside the city is the territory of ferocious beasts.

Soon, the data entry was completed.

"Wait a moment, I'll go get the baby pet for you." The female teacher said, then stood up and left.

Less than two minutes.

The female teacher is back.

However, after seeing the pet cub in her arms, Lin Mo couldn't help but twitch the corners of his mouth twice.

A green turtle the size of a washbasin!

If nothing unexpected happens, this should be the pet he received.

turtle!

green!!

Why does it feel so suggestive?

Lin Mo felt a little annoyed.

He did say that all pets are the same.

But the turtle...

What kind of a divine development is this? !

Just imagine this.

Everyone goes together to do the task, and the pets summoned by others are all tigers, leopards, bears, wolves and the like, which are very majestic.

And what he summoned was a turtle...

Just by imagining that scene, he could dig out a three-bedroom apartment with his feet.

However, complaints are complaints.

He could only accept this result.

The collection procedures have been completed. The female teacher has said before that once the information is entered, it cannot be changed.

Even if he wanted to regret it, it was too late.

Now, he just hopes that the people in this world don’t know the special meaning of the word “green turtle man”.

Otherwise, he would really be socially dead and would take his social death back to his mother's house, or even socially dead to his grandmother's house.

"Take it!" The female teacher handed the turtle to Lin Mo: "Wait until it wakes up, then you can try to sign a contract with it."

Lin Mo then discovered that the turtle was in a deep sleep.

The female teacher carried it all the way here, but it didn't even wake up!

This alertness...

Lin Mo was very worried that it might be beaten to death in its sleep in the future.

At the same time, he finally understood what Huang Bin meant when he said "people in Chuan Ning City are the easiest to raise."

If you sleep all the time, your energy consumption will naturally be low, so it will be easier to keep you alive, right? ?

"Thank you, teacher!" Lin Mo stepped forward and took the turtle.

You have to raise the turtle you chose even if you have to kneel down to do so.

"You should have information about the green-shelled turtle, right?" the female teacher asked again.

Lin Mo nodded.

Memorizing information about common pets is also one of the main contents of their high school studies.

【Name】：Green turtle.

【Attribute】: Earth element.

[Qualification]: Low-level bronze.

【Talented Skills】: Turtle (Low Level).

"This turtle of yours is a little different from the normal ones. Its attribute is not earth-related, but space-related. You must remember this." The female teacher explained.

"Space Department!" Lin Mo's eyes widened: "Teacher, are you sure you didn't make a mistake?"

The female teacher said, "When I first heard this news, I was even more shocked than you, but we have identified it three times, so it can't be wrong."

"We believe that this is due to some unknown mutation."

"But you should know that low-level space-type pets are actually useless, so don't have too high expectations for its attributes. Just train it as a normal green-shelled turtle."

"I understand, thank you teacher!" Lin Mo suppressed his excitement and quickly left the training center.

At this moment, all his previous depression was swept away.

There was even a feeling of wanting to cheer.

As expected, he found a treasure!

The space system and the time system are collectively known as the two supreme attributes in the pet world.

Is the space system awesome?

Absolutely awesome!!

But the prerequisite is that this attribute appears in high-level and high-qualified pets.

In addition to qualifications, pets are also divided into levels, from low to high, from level one to level nine.

Each stage is divided into three levels: low, medium and high.

Generally speaking, space-related skills can only be awakened by space-related pets that are at least level six and have a platinum aptitude or above.

And the more powerful the skill, the higher the level and qualifications required.

In other words, a green-shelled turtle whose level is low-level 1 and whose aptitude is low-level bronze has no possibility of awakening space-related skills.

It has space-related attributes, but no space-related skills!

This is why the female teacher said it was useless.

A space-type green-shelled turtle without any space-type skills is even worse than a green-shelled turtle that was originally an earth-type.

At least the earth element can give its innate skill [Turtle] more defense.

But all of the above are for normal situations.

But for Lin Mo, it was another story.

Because he has [Rapid Growth] and [Qualification Improvement], as long as there are enough resources, he will be able to awaken the time-related skills sooner or later.

By then, he will have a real space-type pet.

You know, a space-type pet is a treasure that all beastmasters dream of but cannot obtain!

So at this moment, when Lin Mo looked at the green-shelled turtle in his hand again, it seemed so familiar.

What happened to the green turtle?

I am from the space department!
