Chapter 9 I Also Want to Be a Gigolo, But My Self-esteem Doesn't Allow It
As a large-scale comprehensive supermarket.

In addition to daily necessities for people, the most popular items sold in Daxia Mall are still items related to beast taming.

Lin Mo's purpose this time was very clear, which was to buy food for the ghost tiger.

After a brief inquiry, the two went directly to the fourth floor which specialized in selling pet food.

"What kind of food do you need for your pets? We have animal food of all prices and levels here."

As soon as the two arrived at the fourth floor, a receptionist came to greet them.

"Is there any food for the Iron Claw Bear?" Lin Mo asked.

"Yes, there are four types in total. Which one do you need?" asked the receptionist.

"Please introduce it to me." Lin Mo said. He really didn't understand it very well.

"Okay." The receptionist said, "The first one is the basic one, which can only meet the daily nutritional needs of the pet."

"The second type is the nutritional type, which is an upgrade on the first type and can make the pet grow 1.2 times faster than normal."

"The third type is the luxury model, which can achieve a growth rate of 1.4 times."

"The fourth type is the platinum model, which can achieve a growth rate of 1.6 times."

"Of course, the prices of the four foods are different."

Lin Mo thought for a moment and asked, "Will this kind of accelerated growth food have a bad effect on pets?"

It is good to accelerate growth, but if it is too hasty, the result will be counterproductive.

"You can rest assured about this!"

The receptionist said: "Beastmasters and pets are the cornerstones of a country's strength, so we in China attach great importance to the food safety of pets."

"All pet food that can be sold on the market must be strictly inspected by the Beast Tamer Association before being put on the market, and it can be absolutely guaranteed to be safe and without side effects."

Lin Mo nodded and asked, "What's the price of this platinum model?"

The receptionist's eyes lit up slightly, and he said, "The pet food here is sold on a monthly basis. The platinum version costs 100,000 yuan a month."

"But our mall is having a promotion right now. If you buy three months' supply at one time, we can give you a 20% discount, which means 240,000 yuan."

Lin Mo asked again: "You should have some food for the ghost tiger, right?"

"Yes!"

The receptionist's eyes lit up. "However, the level of the ghost tiger is relatively high, and the food preparation is difficult, so there are only three types, namely the basic type that cannot accelerate growth, the upgraded type that can accelerate 1.2 times, and the deluxe type that accelerates 1.4 times."

Lin Mo frowned: "The maximum speedup can only be 1.4 times??"

"Yes, sir." The receptionist said, "The higher the level of the pet, the harder it is to accelerate its growth. For a pet like the Ghost Tiger, 1.4 times is already the current limit."

Lin Mo nodded.

I am increasingly aware of how amazing his [Rapid Growth] is.

He asked, "How much is this deluxe model?"

The receptionist said, "The monthly quantity is 200,000. If you buy three months at a time, you can enjoy a 10% discount, which means 540,000."

Lin Mo's mouth twitched.

Not only is the price higher, but the discount is even lower.

A high-quality pet is indeed a great way to spend money!

He thought for a moment and then asked, "There should be food for the green turtle as well, right???"

"Green, green-shelled turtle?" The receptionist almost didn't react.

When Lin Mo arrived, he first asked about the Iron Claw Bear, and then the Ghost Tiger.

As a result, it suddenly turned into a green-shelled turtle. This turn was really too sudden.

Lin Mo：“……”

Even if it's a green turtle, you don't have to react so strongly, right? ?

But he still nodded: "Yes, Green Turtle!"

The receptionist also realized that her reaction was a bit inappropriate, and quickly said, "We have six kinds of food for green turtles. In addition to the basic type, the remaining five can accelerate growth, up to 2 times the speed."

"What's the price for the 2x model?" Lin Mo asked.

"It's 60,000 a month, and if you buy three months at a time you can get a 20% discount, which is 144,000," said the receptionist.

"Okay, give me three months for each of the three types I just asked about." Lin Mo said.

"Wait, wait a minute!" Sun Lei quickly stopped Lin Mo: "Brother Mo, I have food distributed by the school, I don't need this."

He had always thought that Lin Mo was just asking and would not really buy it, otherwise he would have stopped him long ago.

Lin Mo signaled Sun Lei to be patient, then looked at the receptionist: "Go prepare the goods first!"

The receptionist nodded and asked, "Would you like to take it away yourself, or should we deliver it to your door?"

"Let's take it away!" Lin Mo said.

"Okay." The receptionist turned around and went to prepare the goods.

Lin Mo then looked at Sun Lei: "Do you think the next three months are important to us?"

"Brother Mo, I understand what you mean, but..."

"But it's too expensive, right?" Lin Mo interrupted him. Having grown up together, he knew Sun Lei's thoughts too well.

Both of them are from ordinary families, and this single expense of nearly one million was indeed difficult for Sun Lei to accept at first.

Including himself, if he was not considered a rich second-generation on the earth, he would probably be shocked by such a huge expenditure.

"Leizi, I just want to ask you a question." Lin Mo looked at Sun Lei: "Is our brothers' future more important, or is this one million more important?"

"I understand this principle, but..."

"Don't say but!" Lin Mo interrupted him again: "If you feel you owe me something, then work hard for me and pay me back when you become rich in the future."

Sun Lei then said nothing more.

In fact, he also knew that Lin Mo's approach was correct.

Because the food distributed by the school can only meet the most basic nutritional needs of pets, and it is not comparable to what Lin Mo bought.

This is also one of the reasons why everyone envies the elite classes.

The additional resource subsidies for the elite classes can make up for some of the gap in this regard.

"Um..." Sun Lei hesitated for a moment and said, "Brother Mo, I have another question."

Lin Mo glanced at him: "You want to ask me where this money comes from?"

Sun Lei nodded repeatedly.

Such a huge sum of money, not to mention that he and Lin Mo couldn't come up with it.

Even the parents of the two families couldn't afford it.

Lin Mo smiled and said, "It's just as you thought."

"It was really given by the campus beauty of Lin University!"

Sun Lei's eyes widened suddenly, and then he said anxiously: "Brother Mo, even if you are boyfriend and girlfriend, it is not appropriate for you to spend other people's money like this, right? Isn't this like being a gigolo???"

"Don't worry, I borrowed it and I will pay it back later, with interest." Lin Mo said.

Sun Lei finally breathed a sigh of relief: "I knew you were not the kind of gigolo."

Lin Mo：“……”

Actually, I really want to be.

But self-respect doesn't allow it!
