Chapter 7: Opportunity to Leap Forward
Return to the classroom.

Naturally, the students couldn't help but make a fuss.

Lin Ruoyu's face, which had finally recovered from its normal color before entering the classroom, turned red again.

Lin Mo, on the other hand, was thick-skinned and didn't take it seriously at all.

"Lin Mo Lin Mo, have you confessed?"

As soon as Lin Mo sat down in his seat, the classmates next to him gathered around, each of them with a raging gossip fire on their faces.

"Confession!"

Lin Mo said calmly: "Lin Ruoyu is my girlfriend now."

"Tsk, you're just kidding!"

"That's right, only a fool would believe you!"

“……”

The group of people dispersed immediately.

Lin Mo shrugged.

The reality is often like this: lies are too easily taken seriously, but no one believes the truth.

Then, as the head teacher Li Shu entered the classroom, the class became completely quiet.

"Congratulations on awakening your beast taming talent and receiving your own pet."

Li Shu stood on the podium and scanned the class.

"I have two announcements to make."

"The first thing is the National Higher Beast Taming School Entrance Examination in three months."

"I think it's a bit exaggerated to say that this exam will determine your fate, because there are many paths in life, and the exam is just one of them."

"But I can tell you responsibly that this exam will directly determine your future life. Will it be a bright and smooth road or a rugged path full of thorns?"

"So, if you want to make your future life easier, then in the next three months, you must work hard to improve the combat effectiveness of your pets, because this is the most critical factor in determining the test results. Do you understand?"

All the students responded in unison: “Understood.”

"Okay!" Li Shu nodded: "Then let me tell you the second thing."

"Starting tomorrow, those with talents above F level will report directly to the 'Elite Class'."

Hearing this, everyone looked at Sun Lei and the others with envy.

The benefits of the elite class are extremely good!

Not only will the pets' food be provided free of charge, but there will also be an additional resource subsidy worth 50,000 yuan every month.

You know, in the small town of Twinings, the monthly salary of an ordinary worker is only around 8,000.

50,000 yuan per month is equivalent to the income of an average family for half a year.

"You don't have to be envious."

Li Shu added: "If you have an F-level talent and want to go to the elite class, you can participate in the class transfer challenge set up by the school. As long as you succeed in the challenge, you can enter the elite class and enjoy the same benefits as the elite class members."

Hearing this, the group of F-level talented students became excited for a moment.

For them, this is a great opportunity to make a big leap forward.

But soon, the group calmed down again.

Because even if you think about it, you will know that this challenge is by no means easy.

"Okay, that's all I want to say. Do you have any questions? If not, we can go home today." Li Shu asked, clapping her hands.

All the students shook their heads.

Lin Mo slowly raised his hand: "Teacher, I want to ask, if I want to take the Qingyuan Academy entrance exam, to what extent should I improve my combat effectiveness?"

He knew that one had to be in the top 100 in the province to be admitted to Qingyuan, but he had no idea what the top 100 in the province meant.

Li Shu was stunned for a moment, and looked at Lin Mo with some surprise: "You want to take the Qingyuan exam?"

Lin Mo nodded.

"hiss……"

When the students around saw this scene, they all gasped.

"An F-level talent wants to take the Qingyuan exam, is Lin Mo crazy?"

"He's not crazy. I think he was probably stimulated by the school beauty Lin!"

"That makes sense. After all, the person who once pursued me has become someone I cannot reach. This is indeed a big blow."

"But even so, to take the Qingyuan exam...is it really necessary to torture yourself like this?"

"He probably wants to prove himself!"

"Ah, poor Lin Mo!"

“……”

"Quiet!" Li Shu stopped everyone from whispering, then glanced at Lin Ruoyu, whose face was a little red in her seat.

She had also heard some gossip about the 'Double Lin CP' Lin Mo and Lin Ruoyu.

But I never took it seriously.

Because according to her observation, the interactions between these two people on a daily basis were just normal interactions between classmates.

But now that Lin Mo had done this, she had to think more.

However, at this stage when graduation is approaching, she would not interfere even if there was anything between the two of them.

And it’s not a bad thing that students are willing to go crazy for love.

If a big upset really happens, it will be of great benefit to her, Lin Mo, and the school.

Li Shu thought for a moment and said, "The last student admitted by Qingyuan Academy last year, if I remember correctly, his pet's growth stage reached the sixth stage of juvenile, and his skill proficiency reached the skilled level."

“Wow…”

This sentence caused another uproar among the students.

"Oh my god, this is the sixth stage of the young life. It must have eaten the catalyst!"

"What's even more terrifying is the skill proficiency, right? Proficiency... even if you practice non-stop for three months, you may not be able to achieve it!"

"Focus on the key points, comrades. This is only the last person admitted by Qingyuan Academy last year. Just think about how strong those who ranked higher must be!!!"

"Oh my god, it's really scary when you think about it!"

"Hey, for the rest of us, we should just apply to lower-level institutions!"

"Yes, Qingyuan Academy is only something I can think of in my dreams."

“……”

Hearing these discussions.

Lin Ruoyu couldn't help but look at Lin Mo with some worry.

Before, Lin Mo said that he wanted to take the entrance exam for Qingyuan Academy, and she was so excited that she agreed immediately.

Thinking about it now, this is indeed too difficult.

Although she really hopes that Lin Mo can be admitted to Qingyuan, she doesn't want to put too much pressure on Lin Mo.

After hearing what Li Shu said, Lin Mo raised his eyebrows in surprise.

Due to certain restrictions, everyone in this world can only awaken their beast taming talent when they reach the age of 18.

In other words, no matter who you are, there are only three months from awakening your beast taming talent to taking the national unified examination.

In three months, a newly acquired pet was raised to the 6th stage of larvae.

At the same time, raise the pet's skill proficiency to 'proficient'.

This is indeed a bit scary.

Generally speaking, the pets that students just received are all in the larval stage 1.

In other words, raising a pet to the 6th stage of larval stage is equivalent to raising the pet's level by 5 levels within three months, which is quite fast.

Then there is the skill proficiency of the pet.

From low to high, it is divided into five levels: entry, skilled, proficient, perfect, and superb.

Pets all have innate skills, but because they are all newly born cubs, their proficiency is extremely low.

Note that this extremely low level only refers to the ability to release skills, which is not even considered "entry-level".

If you want to improve your skill proficiency, you must practice continuously.

To improve a skill from entry-level to proficient is impossible without practicing tens of thousands of times.

In other words, it takes a lot of time.

This is also the reason why everyone was so shocked after hearing Li Shu’s words.

Because whether it is the 6th stage of kindergarten or reaching the 'proficient' level of skill proficiency, it takes a lot of time.

But the other party actually achieved both of these at the same time within three months.

And most importantly, this score was the last one admitted to Qingyuan University last year.

"It seems that the Qingyuan exam is more difficult than I thought!"

Lin Mo muttered to himself.

He originally thought that with the [God-level Beast Taming Space] and some in-game currency, it would be a piece of cake for him to pass the entrance exam to Qingyuan Academy.

But now it seems that he may have to be more serious.
