Chapter 6 Then Be My Boyfriend!
"Lin Mo, can you come with me for a moment? I have something to tell you."

Lin Ruoyu's tone was very gentle, just like before she awakened her talent.

"Isn't it okay to say it here?" Lin Mo asked.

When Lin Ruoyu finished speaking just now, he had already vaguely heard the booing coming from the classroom.

"No!" Lin Ruoyu said, "This matter is very important and cannot be known to others."

"Okay, you lead the way!" Lin Mo glanced at the dark mass of heads lying on the classroom windows and nodded helplessly.

Since the other party said so, it would be difficult for him to refuse.

Lin Ruoyu immediately turned around and walked towards the empty classroom not far away.

After she walked four or five meters, Lin Mo followed her.

“Come on, Lin Mo!”

“Lin Mo, we are counting on you!”

“……”

The faint sound coming from behind him almost made him stumble and fall to the ground.

He turned around and pointed at the guys fiercely, then he quickly followed them.

Arrived at the empty classroom.

Lin Ruoyu didn't say anything and started drawing the summoning circle.

After the magic circle ended, she had an egg in her hand that was the size of a human head, slightly blue, and had a rough surface.

Lin Mo's expression changed: "Is this a high-quality pet egg?"

"A gold intermediate ghost tiger!" Lin Ruoyu said, "I called you here just to give it to you."

"Give it to me!!!" Lin Mo's eyes widened.

The lowest price on the market for a gold intermediate pet egg is over 5 million.

The eggs of a fifth-level beast like the Ghost Tiger, which has an intermediate gold quality, are definitely worth more than 10 million yuan.

"Is this what the school prepared for you?" Lin Mo asked.

Lin Ruoyu nodded.

The principal took her away before just to give her this.

Lin Mo smacked his lips.

The pet cubs in the breeding center would only cost tens of thousands of yuan on the market.

But here, the starting price is tens of millions.

This is the advantage of having high talent.

It's just that he has a special talent and doesn't care about the qualifications of his pet.

Otherwise, even if he had to risk being sliced ​​into pieces for research, he would definitely tell the principal that he had a god-level talent.

"Give this to me, what do you want to use it with?" Lin Mo asked.

Lin Ruoyu said: "My family prepared it for me."

Lin Mo：“……”

The full version of Lin Ruoyu's words should be: My family has prepared something better for me.

But the girl omitted the last three words because she considered his feelings.

"Why did you give it to me?" Lin Mo asked a very crucial question.

"I..." Lin Ruoyu blushed slightly: "No reason, I just want to give it to you, is that not okay?"

This reaction...

Lin Mo blinked and looked at Lin Ruoyu: "Do you like me?"

There was an obvious hint of panic in Lin Ruoyu's eyes.

But he soon calmed down, and nodded frankly: "Yes, I like you!"

"hiss……"

Lin Mo took a breath.

His expression was even more shocked than when Lin Ruoyu wanted to give him a pet egg.

This girl actually likes him!!!

It seems that there is a lot of reason why his classmates always make fun of him and Lin Ruoyu!

He couldn't help but ask again: "What do you like about me?"

“You’re handsome!”

Lin Mo：“……”

yes.

I admit that I am a little bit handsome.

But girl, isn't it a bit hurtful for you to say that?

Don’t I have any other advantages besides being handsome?

“Puff!”

Lin Ruoyu couldn't help but laugh.

In an instant, the empty classroom seemed to be filled with blooming flowers and spring.

Even though Lin Mo had seen countless beauties in his previous life, he couldn't help but be dazed at this moment.

I have to say, this girl is indeed quite pretty.

"Actually, I don't know what I like about you, but I just like you very much." Lin Ruoyu frowned and seemed very distressed about this.

Lin Mo can understand.

There is a poem on the earth: I don’t know where the love comes from, but it is ever-lasting and deep.

Sometimes there is really no reason to like someone.

And often such feelings are more profound than ordinary feelings.

"Now, can you accept it?" Lin Ruoyu handed the egg to Lin Mo again.

"No!" Lin Mo still shook his head.

"Why?" Lin Ruoyu was puzzled: "I like you, so it's normal for me to give you something, isn't it?"

"You can give me things because you like me, but I can't accept the things you give me just because you like me, otherwise I would be a scumbag," said Lin Mo.

Lin Ruoyu didn't quite understand what the scumbag meant, but she didn't bother to ask now: "What do you want in exchange for accepting it?"

"If I were your boyfriend, I would be able to accept it." Lin Mo said.

At this moment, Lin Ruoyu was only thinking about delivering the egg.

Hearing Lin Mo's words, I subconsciously said: "Then you can be my boyfriend!"

Lin Mo slowly smiled: "Okay, I do!"

“W-what!”

Lin Ruoyu didn't come back to her senses until this moment. Her pretty face, which was as delicate as a baby's, instantly turned as red as a monkey's butt. She wished she could find a hole in the ground to crawl into.

Oh my god, what did she just say!

Lin Mo quietly watched Lin Ruoyu digging the villa, the smile on his face becoming more and more intense.

I have to say, a beauty is a beauty, and the way she buys a villa has a unique flavor.

"etc!"

After a long while, Lin Ruoyu finally calmed down, then suddenly looked up at Lin Mo: "You just said... are you willing??"

Lin Mo nodded solemnly: "Yes."

He hadn't thought about it this way before because he really didn't feel that Lin Ruoyu treated him any differently.

But that doesn't mean he doesn't like Lin Ruoyu.

Because this girl is really nice.

Not to mention her good looks, good figure and good temperament.

His family background is one of the best in Twinings City.

The most important thing is that Lin Ruoyu grew up in such a favorable environment, but her personality did not go astray.

Not only is he well-educated, humble, and has high emotional intelligence and EQ, but he also has a broad mind and a vision in his work, and has the demeanor of a great general.

It's really hard not to like Lin Ruoyu like this.

Besides, he is only 18 years old, at the prime of his youth, if he has the chance to have a relationship, why not? ? ?

"Then take it quickly!" Lin Ruoyu quickly stuffed the egg into Lin Mo's hand, and then her face was full of joy as if she had achieved some remarkable achievement.

But then, she seemed to think of something and her expression became a little depressed again.

Lin Mo immediately guessed the reason: "You are leaving tomorrow, right?"

Lin Ruoyu nodded: "Go to Qiyun."

Lin Mo was not surprised by this.

Both Chuanning City and Qiyun City belong to Qingyuan Province.

However, Twinings is just a small city with a population of about two million, while Qiyun City is the capital of Qingyuan Province with a population of over eight million.

Whether in terms of resource reserves or teaching standards, the two are completely on a different level.

Lin Ruoyu can indeed receive better training there.

He thought for a moment and asked, "If you go to Qiyun, you should end up at Qingyuan Academy, right?"

Lin Ruoyu nodded again.

"That's easy." Lin Mo said, "Three months from now there will be a nationwide unified entrance examination for higher beastmaster schools. I'll go to Qingyuan School to find you then."

"Really?" Lin Ruoyu was excited, and then asked worriedly: "Are you confident that you can get into Qingyuan?"

It’s not that she doesn’t believe Lin Mo.

But it is really very difficult to get into Qingyuan Academy.

Qingyuan University is the best university in Qingyuan Province and is also one of the top 30 universities in China.

If you want to enter Qingyuan Academy, your entrance examination score must be at least in the top 100 in the province.

This requirement is difficult for Lin Mo, who has an F-level talent.

"I don't have confidence!" Lin Mo shook his head: "But if you do me a favor, it should be a sure thing."

Lin Ruoyu quickly said: "You say, as long as I can do it."

Lin Mo rubbed his nose a little embarrassedly: "Lend me two million, and I will pay you back with interest in a year."

His original idea was to slowly make money and grow steadily.

Anyway, he has god-level talent. As long as he doesn't die young, it's only a matter of time before he rises up.

But if he wants to take the Qingyuan exam, then his previous plan will obviously not work, there is not enough time!

Therefore, I can only resort to spending money.

Of course, the main reason is that Lin Ruoyu is a small wealthy woman and has the ability to do so.

Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to spend money even if he wanted to.

"No problem, give me an account number and I will transfer it to you when I get back." Lin Ruoyu agreed without hesitation.

"Let's go." Lin Mo pointed to the classroom.

The two of them have been alone for so long, who knows what the people in the class will do.

It doesn't matter that he is thick-skinned, but Lin Ruoyu definitely can't stand it.

"Wait, I have one last question."

Lin Ruoyu's face flushed, but she still mustered up the courage to look at Lin Mo: "Are we now... officially boyfriend and girlfriend?"

"I neglected this issue."

Lin Mo said, walked to Lin Ruoyu, gently held her face, then lowered his head and kissed her lips.

Lin Ruoyu's eyes suddenly widened.

Her first kiss was gone just like that? ?

Then, before she could come to her senses, Lin Mo let her go and said, "In our hometown, this is called a stamp. From now on, you are mine."

Lin Mo showed a wicked smile: "How is it? Are you satisfied with my answer? Girlfriend, yes!"

“Swish!”

Lin Ruoyu's already red face now looked so red that blood seemed to be dripping out.

However, she still quickly pecked Lin Mo on the lips: "This is my stamp for you, and you are mine too!"

After saying that, he pushed Lin Mo away and turned and ran away.

Lin Mo touched his lips, smiled slightly, and put the ghost tiger's egg into the beast control space.

Accept this egg because it is Lin Ruoyu's gift.

If he doesn't accept it, the girl will definitely not be able to feel at ease.

But whether it is the two million he borrowed or the egg, he will definitely have to pay it back in the future.

He hasn't figured out how to deal with the nickname of 'cuckold' yet, and he can't bear the label of 'giggle man' as well.
