Chapter 80: Time Concept?!
"The Patriarch thinks, how did this young man...do he do it? Could it be..."

The young man lowered his voice, his expression solemn, but did not say the rest.

But Yan Chenghong vaguely knew what he wanted to say.

Could it be that he was possessed by some powerful being?

To be honest, Lin Feng's situation really looks like a powerful being taking over someone else's body!

But Yan Chenghong was very sure that it was not!

The formation of his Yan family's Scripture Pavilion is not just for decoration!

Generally speaking, if someone in the Yan family is possessed by another spirit, he or she will be discovered as soon as they enter the Sutra Repository.

This is a means to prevent the family's important skills from being passed on to others.

And Lin Feng also entered the Yan family's Sutra Library.

But he's fine.

So, it can’t be possession!

The young man seemed to have remembered this incident as well, and became even more puzzled!

Yan Chenghong stared in deep thought, but gave an explanation: "If I'm not mistaken, that boy should have a very extraordinary understanding."

"From what he revealed when he asked me for the foundation-building pill recipe, he has a very powerful alchemy master in the world of cultivation."

"For a cultivator with five spiritual roots to be noticed by a powerful alchemy master despite his low realm, he must have outstanding comprehension!"

"At this age, being able to refine a top-grade foundation-building pill is also proof of his extraordinary comprehension."

Yan Chenghong said this with great confidence.

But the young man next to him still frowned.

after all……

No matter how incomprehension is,

It seems that none of them is as incredible as Lin Feng sweeping the Trial Tower record in one breath!

Yan Chenghong's next words made Yan Wenxiu's pupils shrink suddenly -

He glanced at the young man slowly and said in a low voice:

"If I'm not mistaken, that Lin Feng, he should be..."

"I have comprehended the concept of time!"

？！！

Time concept?!

Qi Refining Stage, comprehending the artistic conception of time? ? !

What kind of weird ghost story is this?!

As far as Yan Wenxiu knew, even some powerful masters in the God Transformation Stage.

I've never heard of anyone who can comprehend the meaning of time!

A Qi Refining Stage?

What the hell? ?

What a joke!

but……

If Lin Feng is really given the BUFF of "comprehending the artistic conception of time".

Then it seems that sweeping the Trial Tower records makes sense!

Because the rule of time is indeed the most incredible of all rules!

It can make the two sides of the battle seem to be flowing at different speeds of time!

The record of the Trial Tower is based on the battle time!

Whoever fights the shortest time will break the record!

And for those who understand the meaning of time...

Breaking the record is really as easy as eating and drinking water!

At this moment, Lin Feng, who was far away in the Great Wilderness Mountain, didn't know.

His act of sweeping the Trial Tower records actually made some big guys' speculations about him extremely close to the truth!

To be honest, the fast-forward icon can indeed be understood as a time rule!

The reason why Lin Feng swept the Trial Tower record was because he used the fast-forward icon!

Below 256 times speed.

In his eyes, the flow of time in the outside world seemed to be slowed down 256 times!

In his eyes, the monster in the Trial Tower seemed to be unable to move and just stood there obediently for him to hit!

In this situation, the record of the Trial Tower is still something that can be broken! It's like a piece of cake!

That’s right, let’s be honest, he was cheating!

Lin Feng disregarded other people's thoughts and broke the Trial Tower record again, of course not for the sake of showing off or anything.

But...

Damn, this "Nine Sounds of the Dark Ghost" is so difficult to practice!

I feel numb!

He felt that the high-speed cultivation using top-grade spirit stones was not enough!

We need to add some more explosive stuff!

Enlightenment tea! Top-grade spiritual stones! Everything is arranged!

but.

Skynet’s rewards are distributed to the Skynet account.

To claim your rewards, you have to go to the Monks' Alliance.

He was currently participating in a competition in the Great Wilderness Mountain, so it would not be a good idea for him to run to the Monks' Alliance halfway through.

but……

Lin Feng tidied it up simply.

He came out from the remote cave where he practiced the sound killing technique.

The ultimate state of Flowing Cloud Steps.

His figure almost became a shadow.

But Lin Feng was still not satisfied.

I was thinking to myself, why not take some time to practice the Wind Chasing Step?

Liuyunbu is mainly used in combat.

It looks fancy to use this when you are in a hurry.

The Wind Chasing Step is tailor-made for traveling.

but……

In addition to the Wind Chasing Step, perhaps he could also consider a whole flying magic weapon?

It doesn't have to be as wow-worthy and cool as Yan Chenghong's flying boat.

It would be enough to save some time on the road.

The mines were all destroyed by him, so next time he enters the world of immortal cultivation, he will most likely go somewhere else to venture out.

It's also time to prepare a flying magic weapon.

Flying instruments are generally quite expensive.

If possible, it is better to ask Yan Changfeng, Wumeng or school for free.

A genius like him who has cheats.

Others should be happy to be taken advantage of by him for free, right?

As he was thinking, Lin Feng rushed towards the entrance of the Great Wilderness Mountain like an arrow.

Mo Mingyuan's team of six had just dealt with a group of Iron-Armored Silver-Maned Colts when they suddenly felt a strong wind blowing past!

The group just relaxed and then became alert again in an instant!

However, the strong wind quickly dissipated.

It really seemed like it was just a gust of wind, leaving no trace.

But the six people had sharp intuition and their expressions instantly became solemn!

Qiu Xu’s weapon was a double-ring iron chain, which he held horizontally in front of him.

He was no longer as carefree as before. His eyes were alert and his voice was serious: "Is it Chengzhai? Or is it the hidden dark horse of Huangcheng?"

Cen Qian is good at close combat, and his weapon is a sharp brass knuckle on his hand.

He also looked alert, but also faintly excited: "Is it here? The battle I've been looking forward to for so long?"

The other three members of the team who were in the late stage of Qi Refining were also tense and alert.

Only Mo Mingyuan frowned fiercely.

The air was quiet for a long time.

The few people who were originally on guard also frowned.

"What happened? He ran away? Is the genius of Huangcheng so cowardly?"

"Or do you not want to meet us in advance?"

The others were puzzled, but Mo Mingyuan had a different opinion: "Maybe, he is not a student from Huangcheng."

"What's the meaning?"

"Boss Mo, you don't mean to say, Qingcheng students?"

"What a joke! My intuition tells me that the afterimage just now was not only fast, but also had a strong aura!"

"How can Qingcheng students have that kind of aura!"

However.

Without waiting for Mo Mingyuan to explain anything.

A cry of “Oh shit” was heard in the team!

Ling Shabo, who still likes to "play with his phone", was so surprised that his voice even broke a little: "Look at Skynet!"

Therefore, Mo Mingyuan and others only saw at this time——

#Lin Feng changes the rules of the Trial Tower alone# is a hot search term! !

Then, I saw the previous Trial Tower announcement again!

At this moment, even Mo Mingyuan, who had long felt that Lin Feng was extraordinary, couldn't help but have his pupils shrink suddenly!

Qiu Xu was so shocked that he dropped the Skynet Jade Slip!

He was in a trance for a while before picking up the jade slip, his voice also a little broken: "This guy! Could it be that he was possessed by some powerful being?!"

Mo Mingyuan stared at me and denied: "I'm afraid a powerful person who takes over another's body wouldn't dare to be so high-profile."

"Then tell me, how did he sweep the Trial Tower records?!"

Mo Mingyuan pursed his lips, took a deep breath, and finally uttered four words that even he himself was unwilling to believe: "Time Concept."

After a pause, he added: "Even the rules of time..."
