Chapter 3 Sure Enough, The Beasts on My Earth Are More Awesome
The method of opening up a beast-controlling space had been taught in school a long time ago, and everyone had simulated it in their minds.

Therefore, opening up a beast-taming space is a piece of cake for all the students.

As he entered a meditative state, Lin Mo clearly felt that his consciousness seemed to have traveled through endless time and space in an instant and arrived at a void place deep in the universe.

"Why is it different from the previous simulation?"

Lin Mo frowned for a moment, but quickly calmed down.

He even possesses god-level talents that have never appeared on Blue Star, so it is not surprising that he opens up a beast-taming space differently from normal people.

However, the current situation made him unsure of what to do next.

According to the previous simulation.

After he meditates, his consciousness will pass through the sea of ​​​​consciousness and come to a "fog" area.

Then, he only needs to use his mental power to dispel the "fog" and open up his own beast-controlling space.

The larger the range of fog he can dispel, the larger the area of ​​the beast taming space will be.

But his current situation is that there is only endless nothingness around him, and there is no "fog" to dispel.

In other words, he had no way of creating his own beast-taming space.

Just when Lin Mo felt a little confused.

Without any warning.

A hundred-meter-high black vortex suddenly appeared in the void around him.

Immediately afterwards, a huge suction force came and his consciousness was sucked in without any resistance.

It seemed like a long time had passed, yet it seemed like only a moment.

Lin Mo's consciousness appeared in a completely new space.

This is a small island.

The island is about five kilometers long and wide. It is covered with lush vegetation and trees, presenting a vibrant scene.

In the center of the island, there is a mountain that pierces straight into the clouds. It is hidden in the flowing white clouds and its full view cannot be seen.

I don’t know if it’s an illusion.

Lin Mo felt that the flowing white clouds were like a giant dragon entwined around a mountain, winding and circling in the sky, as if guarding the mountain.

The island is surrounded by the vast ocean, the water is azure blue and the waves roar.

However, Lin Mo could only see a five-kilometer radius around the island. Anything further seemed to be blocked, and all he could see was chaos.

"This... is my beast control space!!!"

It took Lin Mo a long time to react.

He was surprised again.

Generally speaking, for beastmasters of the same talent level, the size of the beast taming space opened up by each person will differ depending on the strength of their personal mental power.

But the difference won't be huge.

For example, with F-level talent, the beast-taming space opened up is usually only about ten to fifteen square meters.

It's about the size of a bedroom.

It may seem large, but it is barely enough for some larger pets to fit in.

Based on this, with every level of beast taming talent, the area of ​​the beast taming space opened up can roughly double.

For example, with Sun Lei’s D-level talent, the area of ​​the beast-taming space he first opened up should be around 40 square meters.

Lin Ruoyu's B-level talent can reach about 160 square meters.

In other words, even with SSS-level talent, the initial beast-taming space opened up would only be more than 2,500 square meters.

It is about the size of one-third of a football field.

And Lin Mo, started directly with an island!

The area of ​​the island is about 25 square kilometers, which is equivalent to '25 million' square meters.

It is a full ten thousand ten thousand ten thousand times of 2500 square meters! !

There is also a very important point - the environment within the beast taming space.

Because the area of ​​the beast-controlling space comes from the area of ​​dispersing the "fog".

Therefore, the beast taming space initially opened up by the beast tamer can be understood as an empty room surrounded by fog with nothing in it.

This is also true even for SSS-level talents.

The environment within the beast taming space has a certain impact on the growth rate of pets.

It may even affect the loyalty of the pet.

Therefore, in the subsequent process of developing the beast taming space, the beast tamer will spend a large part of his energy to transform the environment within the beast taming space, trying to create a comfortable living environment for the pets.

However, Lin Mo does not need to do this at all.

Because he already has everything in his beast taming space.

There are mountains and seas, blue sky and white clouds, trees and vegetation, and a gentle breeze... It is a paradise for pets, and it is the kind that can be enjoyed by land, sea and air.

To sum up, how could Lin Mo not be surprised when he saw such a beast-controlling space? ?

It would be abnormal if he wasn't shocked!!

"Sure enough, the divine beasts on my Earth are more awesome!!"

After coming back to his senses, Lin Mo sighed secretly.

He knew very well that all this was thanks to Zhulong.

If he visualized the patterns in the Beast Taming Atlas like everyone else, he might be able to awaken a good talent, but it would definitely not be the current god-level talent.

With a thought, Lin Mo's consciousness returned to his body.

He could clearly feel that there was a close connection between him and the Beast Taming Space. With just a thought, his consciousness could enter again.

He slowly opened his eyes and stood up.

Most of the other students around me have already completed their development.

Only a few with high talent levels were still in meditation, including Sun Lei.

After all, the larger the area of ​​the beast-controlling space, the longer it takes to dispel the fog.

As for those students who have already completed the development, they all look eager to try.

Because according to the normal process, they can then go to the school's training center to receive a pet cub as their contract object for free.

Of course, as the product of large-scale training in school, the qualifications of these pet cubs are definitely not very high.

But compared with the tens or even millions of dollars priced at high-quality cubs on the market, those bred by the school are already the best choice for most people.

After a while, everyone had finished clearing.

Led by the dean of studies, everyone came to the school's training center.

"Next, you can choose for yourselves. After choosing, you can do a simple registration and leave."

The dean of studies said, looking at Sun Lei: "You don't have to choose here, follow me."

After saying that, he took Sun Lei away.

The students around could only envy him.

Sun Lei's D-level talent is enough to allow him to enjoy certain privileges in choosing his pet.

As for Lin Ruoyu who was taken away by the principal, if nothing unexpected happens, she will at least get a pet with gold-level qualifications.

This is the difference in starting point caused by talent level.

A beastmaster with F-level talent and a contracted pet with bronze qualifications, and a beastmaster with B-level talent and a contracted pet with gold qualifications.

The two are completely different and there is no comparison between them.

At the same time, this also proves once again that what the classmates said before, that talent level is not important, was really just consolation.

Lin Mo was naturally happy for his good brother from the bottom of his heart for Sun Lei's special treatment.

But I really don’t have any envy.

With [Qualification Improvement], the qualifications of the pet cubs are actually not that important to him.

Therefore, on the way here, he had already thought of the criteria for choosing a pet.
