Chapter 2: I Knew It Would Be Strong, But I Didn't Expect It to Be This Strong!
Chapter 2: I knew it would be strong, but I didn’t expect it to be this strong!

Lin Mo didn't say anything in the end and just left the magic circle.

If you think about it carefully, this is a good idea.

Otherwise, if his true situation were to be revealed, he really wouldn't know how to explain it.

Because he had just awakened a god-level talent.

God level!

This is a level that has never appeared in the history of Blue Star.

In the eyes of everyone on Blue Star, SSS is the strongest talent.

How was he going to explain to others that he had awakened to a level that had never appeared before?

Did they say that he was visualizing Zhulong?

Then how would he explain the existence of Zhulong???

This is basically a dead end.

The most important thing is that when he just awakened, the magic circle lit up red light.

Red is the color of F-level talent.

So in the eyes of others, he had awakened an F-level talent. Even if he patted his chest and said that he had a god-level talent, others might not believe it.

To sum up, admitting that he is an F-level talent is his best option at the moment.

In fact, the talent he awakened is——【God-level Beast Taming Space】

Everyone can create their own beast taming space after awakening the beast taming talent.

Normally, the beast taming space is a place for pets to rest.

But Lin Mo's beast-controlling space has special properties.

【Rapid Growth】

【Qualification Improvement】

【Instant Summon】

These are the three attributes that his beast-taming space currently possesses.

[High-speed Growth]: Can speed up the growth of pets.

For example, it takes two years for a pet to grow from infancy to maturity, but in Lin Mo's beast control space, one year is enough.

This is equivalent to saving one year of time.

You know, the growth of pets requires a lot of resources.

Although Beast Tamers are powerful, they are also recognized as being expensive.

Saving one year of time is equivalent to saving one year of resource consumption, which is extremely practical for children from ordinary families like Lin Mo.

Of course, the most important thing is the rapid improvement of strength.

The pets we both contracted at the same time, after one year yours is still in its larval stage, while mine has already reached maturity.

It is obvious who is strong and who is weak.

Then comes [Qualification Improvement].

As the name suggests, it can improve the qualifications of pets.

The qualifications of pets are also divided into levels, from low to high, namely bronze, silver, gold, platinum, diamond, king, overlord, and myth.

Each level is divided into three levels: low, medium and high.

Qualification largely determines a pet's initial attributes and growth potential. For pets of the same level, the higher the qualification, the stronger the combat power.

Under normal circumstances, it is difficult to improve the qualifications of a pet.

It’s okay if your qualifications are at the bronze or silver level, and there is still a chance to improve through some means.

But once your qualifications reach the gold level, it would be extremely difficult to improve further.

However, Lin Mo's beast control space can continuously improve the qualifications of pet beasts...

In other words, as long as he is given enough time and resources, he can upgrade the qualifications of all his pets to the mythical level.

I have to say, this is really a bit perverted.

The last one is [Instant Summon].

This attribute is not as abnormal as [Qualification Improvement], but it is definitely amazing.

In order for a beastmaster to summon his pet, he needs to use his mental power to carve a summoning array.

Because the beast-controlling space is essentially an extra-dimensional space, a magic circle is needed to "open the door" for the pet beasts.

And carving a magic circle takes time.

However, Lin Mo's [Instant Summoning] can complete the summoning with just a thought, and does not require any magic circle at all.

This is like two mages fighting, one has to cast a spell, while the other can cast it instantly.

You can imagine how great the advantages are.

The above are the three attributes of Lin Mo's [God-level Beast Taming Space].

But these are not the most terrifying places in the [God-level Beast Taming Space].

The most terrifying thing is that the [God-level Beast Taming Space] has the potential to grow.

As Lin Mo's beast level increases, not only will the effects of the existing three attributes be enhanced, but new attributes will also appear one after another.

Even Lin Mo himself was somewhat surprised by this.

He guessed that the [God-level Beast Taming Space] would be very powerful, but he didn't expect it to be this powerful! !

"Brother Mo, don't be disappointed. F-level is not bad either. As far as I know, many strong people in our Chuan Ning City have F-level talents."

"Besides, whether a beastmaster is powerful or not depends largely on his pet. As long as the pet's aptitude is high enough, an F-level beastmaster will still have a chance to take off!"

Sun Lei saw Lin Mo coming back without saying a word and immediately went forward to comfort her.

Lin Mo smiled: "Don't worry, I'm fine!"

Sun Lei wanted to say something, but the teacher called his name at this time, so he could only nod and walk towards the altar.

"Lin Mo, Sun Lei is right. As long as the pet is strong enough, it doesn't matter if its talent is low."

"That's right. Although we all hope that the talent level can be higher, everyone knows that a high level is an exception, and F level is the norm."

The classmates around him also offered words of comfort.

But everyone knows that this is just consolation.

It is both a comfort to Lin Mo and a comfort to themselves.

If talent is not important, then why does everyone want high level talent???

“Thank you everyone!”

Lin Mo didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

The reason why he didn't speak was that he was just digesting the contents about the [God-level Beast Taming Space] in his mind. He really wasn't pretending to be lost to gain sympathy.

Just at this moment.

A yellow light suddenly caught his attention.

That was the light coming from Sun Lei.

At the same time.

The dean of studies beside the magic circle made a surprised voice: "Sun Lei, D-level talent!"

“Wow!”

The students around were instantly in an uproar.

Everyone looked at Sun Lei with envy in their eyes.

The level of talent in taming beasts may not necessarily determine a person's level of achievement.

But it can definitely give a person a higher starting point, greater potential, and better treatment.

Take Sun Lei for example. If nothing unexpected happens, he will be able to enter the school's 'elite class' starting tomorrow and enjoy the various benefits unique to that class.

As for the subsequent enrollment of students for the Advanced Beast Taming School, with Sun Lei's D-level talent, he should be able to be admitted without taking an entrance exam.

In order to recruit Sun Lei, these institutions of higher learning may even offer some very generous conditions.

And those of them with F-level talents must pass an exam before they can enter.

"Sun Lei, congratulations!"

"D-level talent, so amazing!"

"Boss, you have to protect us from now on!"

After Sun Lei came back, his classmates congratulated him one after another.

Lin Mo also smiled and patted Sun Lei on the shoulder: "D-level, awesome!"

"No matter how awesome you are, you are still my Brother Mo!" Sun Lei looked at Lin Mo and said seriously.

Hearing this, the classmates around him were a little envious of Lin Mo.

But they also knew that Sun Lei and Lin Mo were childhood friends, and they could be said to have grown up together. They could not compare to this kind of relationship.

The awakening that followed was uneventful.

Most students awaken F-level talents.

Occasionally, there is an E-level, which will also attract waves of envy.

It wasn't until the class beauty and school beauty Lin Ruoyu awakened her B-level talent that it caused a huge sensation again.

"f**k, did I hear it right? Are you sure it's B, not D?"

"It's B for sure. The magic circle is emitting a cyan light."

"Not to mention her beauty, her talent in taming beasts is so high, it's simply unfair!"

"You forgot one thing, her figure is amazing!"

"The one favored by God must be Lin Ruoyu!"

"Comparing yourself to others makes you dreadful. This is true. Compared to others, we are just garbage!"

"Envy! I am envious, and still envious."

“……”

The students around were simply envious.

If Sun Lei has awakened his D-level talent, it would be enough for major beast taming academies to offer generous conditions to recruit him.

Then Lin Ruoyu, who has awakened her B-level talent, is definitely a target that all major beast taming academies are fighting for.

The two are simply not on the same level.

Even the dean in charge of the awakening ceremony was so excited that his face flushed and his whole body trembled.

Grade B!

After nearly twenty years, Twinings High School finally has a B grade again.

Being able to produce such a student brings enormous benefits to both the teacher personally and the school.

Principal Dong Yaoqing, who had been standing aside after speaking, walked up to take Lin Ruoyu away without saying a word.

The students in Class 36 fully understood this.

After all, such talent does deserve special treatment.

However, when Lin Ruoyu walked away...

"Lin Mo, what a pity!"

"Yes, School Beauty Lin has shown it so obviously, but you remain indifferent. Now, I'm afraid you really have no chance."

"There is indeed a huge gap between F-rank and B-rank... I don't mean to look down on you. I am also F-rank."

"Look, you should have listened to us earlier. If you had taken the initiative, the child would have been born by now. Not to mention that School Beauty Lin is B-level, she would not have been able to escape even if she was S-level."

Lin Mo：“……”

I don’t know when it started, but gossip about him and Lin Ruoyu suddenly spread in the class.

Lin Ruoyu treats him differently from others, which means she must like him.

As a result, these people would make fun of him whenever they got the chance, and would always ask him to take the initiative and confess his feelings.

This time it was particularly outrageous, even the children came out.

"Brother Mo, how about you confess your love now?" Sun Lei put a hand on Lin Mo's shoulder: "Based on the attitude of Lin Xiaohua towards you, I think your chances of success are still quite high."

"Get lost!" Lin Mo rolled his eyes and didn't bother to pay attention to them.

After a while, everyone woke up.

The Dean then turned to everyone and said, "Now you can open up your own beast-controlling space through meditation. I will protect you."

Upon hearing this, all the students immediately sat cross-legged and began to meditate.

They have been looking forward to this moment for a long time.

The same is true for Lin Mo.

