Chapter 1: The Last Contract Quota, Corpse Raising System Activated
Daxia, Linhu Province, inner city of Fengyue City.

In the bedroom of a villa.

"Ye Mo! You lazy pig! Hurry up and get up!!"

A female voice full of reproach came from his ear, waking Ye Mo up instantly from his sleep!

Before he could react, he felt his ear being twisted into a knot, followed by a sharp pain!

"Ye Mo! Have you forgotten that there is a contract ceremony today?

If you miss this opportunity again, you will no longer be eligible to obtain the initial coffin spirit!! "

The sudden attack made Ye Mo gasp in pain and he quickly sat up.

Looking at the girl with twin ponytails in front of him, who was less than 1.6 meters tall, with one hand on her waist, wearing a standard school uniform and with an angry face.

He was immediately confused and looked puzzled.

"Who are you? Why are you in my room? What the hell is this contract ceremony?"

When the girl heard this, she grabbed the pillow on the bed and smashed it on Ye Mo's head, sneering: "Humph! Are you still drunk? You're talking nonsense!"

"I'll wait for you for another ten minutes! If you don't get up! I won't bother with you anymore!"

After saying that, the girl glanced at her watch, snorted coldly, turned around and walked out of the bedroom.

At the same time, with a bang, the door was slammed shut!

Looking at the girl leaving, Ye Mo rubbed his messy hair.

Then a pungent smell of alcohol wafted out, causing him to frown slightly.

“I remember I went home and lay down after working overtime last night...didn’t I drink?

That girl just now didn't look like I spent money...

Could it be that I have traveled through time? ? "

Ye Mo was bewildered, looking around him with confusion.

As a strong memory flooded into my mind.

He confirmed a fact!

I really traveled through time...

“So now I’m not only in a parallel world full of dangers... but also a world where everyone carries coffins?

And out of nowhere there appeared a younger sister named Ye Xiaoyao?"

Ye Mo was extremely surprised and tried hard to digest the large amount of memories in his mind.

The world he is in now is called Blue Star.

Hundreds of years ago, a group of tomb robbers dug up a space passage.

This caused countless terrifying secret realms with monsters to merge with the Blue Planet...

After the fusion, hundreds of millions of evil monsters emerged from the secret realm, triggering a world-destroying disaster. In just a few years, more than 90% of the humans on Blue Star were killed, forcing humans into a desperate situation.

Later, in order to explore the root cause of the disaster, countless pioneers entered the secret realm one after another!

Eventually it was discovered that deep within these secret realms there were huge cemeteries filled with countless sealed coffins!

The evil monster escaped from the broken coffin!

Through research, the pioneers discovered something extremely shocking...

Only a very small number of talented people can master the seal on the coffin and open up the sealed space!

After they integrate the seal into themselves, they can drive these evil monsters at will!

Thus, a powerful profession was born on Blue Star, the Coffin Keeper!

“Demons, ghosts, undead spirits, demons, zombies, and all kinds of dark creatures sealed in coffins??

Coffin spirit?"

"What kind of underworld pets are these??"

After integrating all the memories, Ye Mo shook his head helplessly and exhaled deeply.

Then he got up and walked straight to the bathroom.

...

More than ten minutes later,

After Ye Mo washed up, he changed into a white short-sleeved shirt, shaved his beard, trimmed his hair simply, and came to the living room.

at this time,

Ye Xiaoyao was sitting on the sofa, playing with her phone with an unhappy look on her face.

"Humph, you're quite proactive this time! I thought you were just going to give up like you did the last two years!

I've prepared breakfast for you. Come with me to school after you finish eating! Don't waste time! "

Upon hearing this, Ye Mo looked at the hot pancakes on the table with a look of surprise on his face.

Before making a contract with the coffin spirit, each student will awaken a talent as a coffin guardian.

The original body had already awakened, but it had the worst talent [Corpse Servant].

This talent can only be used to contract the coffin spirits of the corpse clan!

And you have to nourish the corpse with your own essence and blood, and sleep with the corpse in the coffin to increase the intimacy!

When the original body awakened, he completely collapsed. He stood on the roof of the teaching building and yelled for several hours. Finally, he fainted and gave up the contract ceremony for a while!

Because in this world, the zombies are recognized as the weakest and most disgusting race.

Among them, ordinary zombies account for up to 90%!

Not only do they have extremely poor potential and limited evolution, they are also easily restrained!

Even ordinary people can easily find ways to kill them!

Not to mention that ordinary zombies have low intelligence, cannot distinguish between friend and foe, and have horrible corpse poison.

After a beginner coffin master contracts them, they will be dead if they are not careful!

"My talent is quite weak... Should I sign a contract?"

Ye Mo walked to the table, took the fragrant pancake and started eating, thinking in his mind.

Because there was no initial coffin spirit in the contract, Fengyue No. 1 Middle School had always reserved a contract quota for him.

But this year is the third year, and if you don’t sign the contract, your place will be cancelled.

If you want to contract a coffin spirit at that time, you will need to spend a huge amount of money to buy a special coffin, and then go to a dangerous place to subdue the evil monster.

It seemed that he sensed Ye Mo's dilemma.

Ye Xiaoyao's face suddenly turned ugly, and she quickly looked up at the other person.

When she saw Ye Mo's extremely refreshing outfit, a look of surprise appeared in her eyes.

"Ye Mo, you actually know how to clean yourself up... You look much more pleasing to the eye this way than before!

Could it be that you have repented and reformed?"

When Ye Mo heard this, several black lines flashed across his forehead.

The original owner of this body was willing to be ordinary and unkempt because he was a rotten person. He lived on the money left by his parents and waited for death.

But I am different...

I am a time traveler! So handsome! My head can be broken but my hairstyle cannot be messed up!

Then he walked to Ye Xiaoyao's side, with his fingers slightly bent.

Then, in the other party's puzzled eyes, a crisp head popped up.

"The little kid has no respect for his age!

I'm two years older than you, so you have to call me brother from now on, okay?" Ye Mo said with a smile on his face, rubbing the other's ponytail.

His action immediately aroused protest from the other party.

Ye Xiaoyao clapped her hands, like a feral cat, and said in disgust: "Ye Mo! Go away! You have greasy hands!

And I'm already 18, so stop calling me a kid!"

"Well, you've become too powerful and dare to talk back." Ye Mo slammed his head again.

"Ye Mo! Don't you see how decadent you have become in the past two and a half years!

Have you ever cared about me?

Don't even think about asking me to call you brother!" Ye Xiaoyao's eyes were red, and she clenched her fists tightly, looking extremely aggrieved.

After saying this, she looked up at Ye Mo who was standing there in a daze, and said seriously: "It's not impossible for me to call you brother!

You must go with me to this contract ceremony!

When you successfully sign the contract, I will call you brother!"

Upon hearing this, Ye Mo's face suddenly showed a trace of surprise.

Originally, he just planned to accompany Ye Xiaoyao to Fengyue No. 1 Middle School to see what talent she awakened and what coffin spirit she contracted.

As for myself...it's probably just a formality!

If I really contract an ordinary zombie or a zombie, I'm afraid I'll be bitten as soon as I release it!

Therefore, I will not sign a contract easily unless it is absolutely necessary.

"Unless I'm lucky enough to contract a female zombie who's pretty and still intelligent, it would be too creepy to sleep in a big coffin to increase intimacy..." Ye Mo thought to himself.

Just as he was about to coax the other person casually, a cold reminder sound suddenly appeared in his mind.

"Ding! The host is detected to meet the binding conditions!"

"The strongest corpse-raising system is being activated..."

...
