APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
1
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
COLLABORATIVE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Lecture Notes
© 2025
APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
2
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
4. SOURCE CODE MANAGEMENT WITH Git
Objective: This lecture will cover Git, one of the most widely used Distributed Version
Control Systems (DVCS) in collaborative software development. We will explore how to
install Git and cover Git fundamentals such as basic Git commands, repository initialization,
staging, committing, and managing branches.
1. Introduction to Git for Collaborative Software Development
Git is a powerful and flexible distributed version control system that allows developers to
manage and track changes in their codebase. It is widely used in both open-source and enterprise
software projects due to its speed, reliability, and support for collaborative workflows.
 Distributed System: Git enables each developer to have a local repository with a complete
history of the project, making it possible to work offline and synchronize changes with others at
any time.
 Collaboration: Git allows developers to collaborate by creating branches, committing changes,
merging changes, and handling conflicts efficiently.
APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
3
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
2. Installing Git
Before using Git, you need to install it on your machine. Git is available for Windows, macOS,
and Linux. Below are the installation steps for each operating system:
2.1 Installing Git on Windows
1. Go to the official Git website.
2. Download the installer for Windows.
3. Run the installer and follow the on-screen instructions.
o When prompted, make sure to select the option to add Git to your system PATH so you
can run Git from the command line.
4. After installation, open Git Bash (a terminal interface for Git) and verify the installation by
typing:
5. git --version
This should return the installed Git version.
2.2 Installing Git on macOS
1. Open the Terminal.
2. Install Git using Homebrew (a package manager for macOS) by typing:
3. brew install git
Alternatively, you can install Git from the official website by downloading the .dmg installer.
4. After installation, verify by typing:
5. git --version
2.3 Installing Git on Linux
1. Open the Terminal.
2. For Debian/Ubuntu-based systems, use the following command:
3. sudo apt-get install git
For Red Hat/CentOS/Fedora, use:
sudo yum install git
4. After installation, verify by typing:
5. git –version
APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
4
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
3. Git Fundamentals
Once Git is installed, you can start using it to manage your source code. The basic workflow
with Git typically involves creating a repository, staging changes, and committing those
changes. Let’s dive into the fundamental concepts and commands.
3.1 Git Repository
A Git repository (or repo) is where your project and its version history are stored. A Git
repository can be created locally on your machine or cloned from a remote server (e.g., GitHub,
GitLab).
 Initialize a Repository: To initialize a new Git repository in a project folder, use the
following command inside the project directory:
 git init
This creates a .git directory that will track the project’s history.
 Clone a Repository: To work with an existing repository hosted remotely (e.g., on
GitHub), clone the repository to your local machine using:
 git clone <repository-url>
Example:
git clone https://github.com/user/repo.git
APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
5
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
3.2 Git Status
 Check Repository Status: Use the git status command to view the current state of your
working directory and staging area:
 git status
This shows which files have been modified, which are staged for commit, and which are
untracked.
3.3 Staging Changes
In Git, you don’t commit changes immediately after editing files. You must first stage changes,
which prepares them to be committed.
 Stage Changes: After modifying a file, use the git add command to stage it for commit:
 git add <file-name>
For example:
git add index.html
 Stage All Changes: To stage all modified files (including new and deleted files), use:
 git add .
3.4 Committing Changes
A commit in Git is a snapshot of your changes. It represents a point in the project’s history and
is linked to a commit message that describes the changes made.
 Commit Changes: Once changes are staged, commit them to the repository with a
meaningful message:
 git commit -m "A meaningful commit message describing the change"
Example:
git commit -m "Fixed bug in the user login feature"
 Amend the Last Commit: If you forgot to add something or need to modify the last
commit, you can use:
 git commit --amend
3.5 Git Log
The git log command shows the commit history of the repository. It displays commit hashes,
commit messages, authors, and dates.
APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
6
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
 View Commit History:
 git log
 Shortened Log: You can display a condensed version of the commit history:
 git log --oneline
3.6 Branching in Git
Branches in Git allow developers to work on features, bug fixes, or experiments without
affecting the main codebase (typically the master or main branch).
 List Branches: View the existing branches in the repository:
 git branch
 Create a New Branch: To create a new branch, use:
 git branch <branch-name>
Example:
git branch feature-login
 Switch to a Branch: To switch to another branch, use:
 git checkout <branch-name>
Example:
git checkout feature-login
 Create and Switch to a Branch: To create and switch to a branch in a single command:
 git checkout -b <branch-name>
 Merge Branches: Once a feature or fix is complete, merge the branch back into the main
branch:
 git checkout main
 git merge <branch-name>
3.7 Git Push and Pull
In collaborative projects, it is common to work with a remote repository. You need to
synchronize your local repository with the remote one using push and pull commands.
 Push Changes: Push your local commits to the remote repository:
 git push origin <branch-name>
Example:
git push origin feature-login
 Pull Changes: Fetch and merge changes from the remote repository into your local
branch:
 git pull origin <branch-name>
APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
7
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
Example:
git pull origin main
3.8 Resolving Conflicts
Sometimes, when multiple people edit the same part of the code, Git cannot automatically merge
the changes. This results in a merge conflict.
 Identify Conflicts: When you pull changes or merge branches, Git will indicate merge conflicts.
 Resolve Conflicts: Open the conflicting file(s), and manually merge the changes. Conflicts are
marked with <<<<<<<, =======, and >>>>>>>. After resolving the conflict, stage and commit
the changes:
 git add <file-name>
 git commit -m "Resolved merge conflict"
4. Best Practices for Git Usage in Collaborative Software Development
1. Commit Frequently: Make small, frequent commits with descriptive messages. This allows
easier tracking of changes.
2. Use Branches for Features: Create separate branches for each feature, bug fix, or experiment.
This keeps the main codebase stable.
3. Pull Regularly: Always pull the latest changes from the remote repository before starting work
to avoid conflicts.
4. Push Early and Often: Push your changes to the remote repository regularly to share your work
and prevent losing it.
5. Write Clear Commit Messages: Commit messages should describe the why and what of the
changes, making it easier for teammates to understand the context.
6. Avoid Large Commits: Avoid committing huge changes at once. It’s better to commit small,
logical changes incrementally.
5. Conclusion
Git is an essential tool for managing source code in collaborative software development. By
understanding how to initialize a repository, stage changes, commit, create branches, and
synchronize with remote repositories, developers can collaborate effectively and maintain a
clean, organized codebase.
Git enables smooth collaboration by allowing teams to work asynchronously, resolve conflicts
efficiently, and maintain a comprehensive history of changes.
APP 4080 – Collaborative Software Development
8
Dr. Bernard Ondara, PhD
Discussion Questions
1. How does Git improve collaboration in large, distributed teams compared to traditional version
control systems?
2. What are the advantages of using branches for feature development and bug fixing in Git?
3. How can Git’s merge conflict resolution process be improved through collaboration and
communication within the team?
