Chapter 7: Enhanced Skills, Outrageous Recipes
I saw that there was a new skill [Damage Rebound] on Lao Hei's attribute panel. His level was still two stars, but it was not far from three stars.

Lin Chuan thought, it’s finally over, I can take a rest.

As for the beast-taming eggs of the spiked puppet, Lin Chuan had not figured out what to do with them. He couldn't really stew them into soup.

At this moment, I don’t know if it was because Lin Chuan pressed too hard or if the time had come.

The beast-taming egg on the table shattered directly, and a black ball-like thing emerged from the eggshell fragments.

Then, the thing let out a strange, shrill cry.

“Squeak…squeak…”

The sound was extremely sharp, and Lin Chuan was the first to be hit, feeling as if his ears were being pricked by needles.

"Grass……"

Lin Chuan yelled and planned to find something to beat the thing to death.

"Squeak"

Maoqiu was frightened and jumped off the table. As luck would have it, Lao Hei was lying below, savoring the delicious fruit.

"Old Black!"

Lin Chuan reminded him that the thing was about to fall on Lao Hei's head.

“？？？”

The black-backed turtle didn't understand what Lin Chuan meant, but he had to give a response, so he shook his head vigorously to show that he heard it.

Just at this moment, the ball of hair fell.

With a "pop" sound, the ball of fur was hit and flew away like a tennis ball, hitting the wall and turning into a puddle.

"Never mind. It's alright."

Lin Chuan walked over to check. The thing was not completely dead yet, and the unknown liquid flowing out gave off a pungent smell.

Finally, Lin Chuan ended its short life with a stick.

At the moment this thing died, Lin Chuan seemed to see a trace of black breath rushing towards his sea of ​​consciousness, and was finally absorbed by the black fruit.

As for the corpse, it could actually be absorbed, ripening one tenth of the yellow [Enhanced Fruit].

However, this fruit cannot mature naturally and can only be ripened with the blood and flesh of monsters.

It can be said that they are making full use of their resources. Uncontracted beasts are no different from wild monsters and are not allowed to appear in the ring city.

If it escaped and caused a panic, Lin Chuan would probably be invited to have tea.

After everything was done and he finally mopped the floor, Lin Chuan fell asleep.

As for Lao Hei, he will stay outside to guard the house. Anyway, Lin Chuan's sea of ​​consciousness is not a beast-taming space, and it cannot speed up Lao Hei's training. It is better to let him out to get some fresh air.

……

No words were spoken that night.

"Bang"... "Snap"

Lin Chuan slept until noon when he was awakened by a loud noise.

"Depend on!"

"Old Black!!!"

"You are a tortoise, not a husky!"

"Hungry……"

Lin Chuan's premonition unfortunately came true. He saw that a hole as big as a bowl was knocked out of the solid wooden door. Lao Hei's head stuck out of the hole and looked into the room.

Even though he advanced from an ordinary beast to an extraordinary two-star monster, Lao Hei's habits remained unchanged.

What to eat for lunch? This is the question of the century.

Especially since you have to raise a turtle the size of a round table, the difficulty of this problem is doubled.

Lin Chuan had memorized the book "The Complete Turtle Taming Diet" before and had a vague impression of it.

I checked the most common recipe packages online:

Turtle shell maintenance package, main ingredients: fish monster bone powder, continuous consumption for half a year can increase the tortoise shell defense by 5-15%. Price: 1 million/month

Physical strengthening package, main ingredients: fresh blood and flesh of monsters, continuous consumption for half a year can increase the body size by 10-30%. Price: 1.5 million/month

……

"I haven't found a package that suits me. Click to search..."

Lin Chuan silently closed the pop-up window and fell into deep thought.

The cheapest meal costs more than 10,000 yuan, and it’s for turtles?!

I took out my phone and checked the balance. Hmm...just enough for Lao Hei to have a meal.

So, Lin Chuan ordered himself a pork chop rice for more than 40 yuan.

Then, I ordered five servings of fried rice for Lao Hei, each costing eight yuan.

While waiting for the takeaway, Lin Chuan fed Lao Hei the two [Enhancement Fruits] he had saved up yesterday and today.

[Choose which skill to strengthen]

"Let's strengthen our anti-injury first. Hitting me is the same as hitting yourself. It makes sense."

[Damage rebound enhancement successful, level +1]

[Damage rebound enhancement successful, level +1]

At this moment, Lao Hei's panel became stronger again:

Beast: Black-backed Turtle (Extraordinary 2-star)

Skill:

Hardened Armor lv2 (active, physical defense increased by 20% after activation, duration 15 minutes)

Brain Power lv1 (Passive, when attacking with the brain, gain ten times the power.)

Damage Reflection lv3 (Passive, when attacked by physical attacks, 20% of the damage will be reflected with energy attacks)

Potential: Unknown

Strength Assessment: Can be used as a grinding stone for elite beast tamers.

The last sentence was automatically ignored by Lin Chuan.

Soon, the takeaway was delivered.

Lao Hei looked at the five servings of egg fried rice placed in front of him. His marble-like eyes were slightly confused for a moment, then he lowered his head to eat.

It doesn’t matter what you eat, as long as you are full.

Only Lao Hei, who had been used to the hard life of going hungry for nine meals three days with Lin Chuan, would be satisfied if he was given something to eat.

If it were any other beastmaster, they would have defected. The dignity of a beastmaster must not be violated.

After eating and drinking, Lin Chuan thought about his next plan.

But I am not in a hurry to go to the Beast Egg Shop to get the bargains today. After all, the naturally ripened red fruits have been used up in the early morning, so I can't make rubbings even if I want to.

In the final analysis, he still does not have the resources that a normal Beast Tamer has.

Speaking of which, Lin Chuan is still an "illegal resident" and has not registered with the Beast Tamer Association.

This process is usually carried out uniformly by each Beast Taming High School to register students, just like class membership.

Unfortunately, Lin Chuan never went to Beast Taming High School. After all, the standard for going to high school is to awaken before the age of 16.

This is embarrassing, Lin Chuan's only identity is that he is a dropout of Oriental Technical School.

When talking about Oriental Technical School, people will think of cooks, shit scoopers... but not beast tamers!

Does it mean that a poop scooper who can't flip the spoon is not a good animal tamer?

Lin Chuan couldn't figure it out, but he still had to solve it. He thought that he should go to the Beast Tamer Association branch in District 81 in person in the afternoon. They would definitely give a solution.

In addition to the free resources distributed by the association every month, it is said that Beastmaster High School spares no effort in the training of students and allocates more resources.

Unfortunately, Lin Chuan could not enjoy this opportunity. Besides, he was almost 18 years old, and no one would accept him if he went back to high school.

……

District 81, Beast Tamer Association branch.

In the hall, people were busy coming in and out, receiving or issuing tasks.

Occasionally, you can see an entire team dragging the limbs of several beasts around the hall and entering the backyard through the side door. They have obviously completed their hunting mission and come here to submit materials.

There are also teams with serious injuries or even team reductions who come in to seek treatment or recruit new members.

There was a faint smell of blood in the air.

Lin Chuan feels that this is the true appearance of the world.

Everyone is working hard.

After a round of investigation, Lin Chuan finally understood the main functions of the association.

During this time, some people noticed him, some out of curiosity and some with ill intentions, but in the end, no one took the initiative to look for him.

Maybe it’s because he is just a rookie with two Iron stars.
