Chapter 8: Beastmaster Association, Talent Test
"Hello, I want to register as a beastmaster."

Lin Chuan found a counter and walked up to it and said.

"Okay, please swipe your ID."

“Beep…”

Then the machine's red light came on.

Lin Chuan: “…”

The lady at the counter seemed to have encountered this situation for the first time. She stayed there for a few seconds before turning off the alarm.

"Student Lin Chuan, this is not a place for you to cause trouble. According to the records, your last awakening test two and a half years ago was a failure."

"I just recently awakened."

"How is that possible? Aren't you already eighteen years old?"

"Two months left, thank you!"

“……”

When the young lady saw that Lin Chuan looked serious and didn't seem to be faking it, she didn't know what to do for a moment.

The person whose identity information on the network showed that he had failed to awaken suddenly came over and said that he had become a beastmaster.

There has been no training for this situation!

This is like a person who was declared dead suddenly coming back to life.

"Xiaoyue, what's going on?"

At this moment, an old man with white hair and beard, but in good spirits, walked slowly towards them with his hands behind his back.

"President, he failed to awaken... and then he said that he succeeded in awakening..."

The young lady was obviously a little flustered when she saw the big boss. She babbled nonsense, but finally managed to say something.

"He awakened when he was almost 18? According to the probability, the probability is almost as slim as that of a peerless genius who awakened at the age of five or six. It's quite interesting."

The old man nodded silently, looked at Lin Chuan again, and said with a smile: "Xiao Lin, I am the person in charge here, Qin Yan, follow me. If it is confirmed to be true, I will register you."

After saying that, he took Lin Chuan to a training room.

"Although your aura has obviously reached the strength of Black Iron Star 2, I still need you to summon the beast to confirm it. I hope Mr. Lin won't mind."

"It doesn't matter."

After saying that, Lin Chuan directly summoned Lao Hei.

The ground was obviously made of a special material. Even a weight of several hundred kilograms fell directly on the ground, but there was no movement, not even a loud sound.

"Well...a defensive one..." Qin Yan stared at the black-backed turtle, his eyes flickering, showing no special emotions.

"The peak of the extraordinary two-star level, about to become three-star... You said you just awakened a while ago? How long has it been exactly?"

"Three..." Lin Chuan stretched out three fingers.

"Three months?" Before Lin Chuan could finish, he was interrupted by Qin Yan. "Three months, three stars, this speed is no less than the B-level talent [Accelerated Growth]. Could it be that this is the talent you awakened?"

What talent did I awaken? Lin Chuan was too weak to complain, but he decided to answer honestly: "Three days, I just awakened three days ago."

You can get this information by simply asking at Lin Chuan’s previous school. There is no need to hide it.

"Three days? Three days?"

Qin Yan stared with his eyes wide open, and several strands of his beard were torn off due to excitement.

This information is even more shocking than Lin Chuan's awakening when he was about to turn 18!

Could this kind of talent be S or even SS level?

I've never heard of an S-level accelerated growth talent being able to achieve something as exaggerated as three stars in three days.

“It’s only two stars now…”

Lin Chuan was correcting him when he noticed that hot steam suddenly came out of Lao Hei's head, like the spout of a boiling kettle.

Lao Hei rolled his eyes and exhaled a few puffs of hot air.

Samsung.

“……”

“Now it’s Samsung.”

"Tsk tsk... I have lived for most of my life and have never seen such a bizarre thing. It is really strange. Did you feed it some treasure before you came?"

"Does five bowls of egg fried rice count?"

“？？？”

"Let's test your talent last. I want to see what your talent is."

As he spoke, Qin Yan asked Lin Chuan to stand in front of a machine.

It's coming.

Lin Chuan's heart tightened, whether he could pass the test depended on this.

As the machine started up, both of them stared at the display screen.

A minute passed and there was no response on the display screen.

It neither shows that there is no talent nor the talent level, it's like it's not activated.

"Is it broken? Let me try."

After saying that, Qin Yan stepped forward and started the test himself.

After three seconds, the screen gave the result.

"Talent level S, Rock/Earth."

The test results are fairly accurate.

Qin Yan's talent would have been a first-rate talent when he was still a student decades ago. Of course, talent alone would not allow one to become the president of a branch. Strength, luck, and means are all essential.

"Try again."

Lin Chuan did as he was told, but still no response.

"Depend on!"

Qin Yan got angry and walked forward and patted the machine.

“Bang…Boom…”

The machine broke directly.

Lin Chuan: “…”

"Um, President Qin, how about we try another one?"

Lin Chuan touched the non-existent sweat on his forehead, glad that it didn't fall on himself.

"Forget it, there are really a lot of weird things about you!" Qin Yan stroked his beard again and said, "It's unpredictable. Tell me yourself, what is your talent?"

"B-level, [Accelerated Growth]"

Lin Chuan opened his eyes and said without blushing or beating his heart.

Damn, your B-class accelerates so fast, this is speeding!

Qin Yan cursed the boy inwardly for being shameless, but said, "Okay, I'll have someone update your information."

After saying that, Qin Yan asked Lin Chuan to wait for a while and then went out.

"Is this okay?" Lin Chuan remained calm, looking at the pile of test machine fragments in front of him, thoughtfully.

……

"Xiao Lin, your Beast Tamer identity has been registered. Black Iron-level players can receive one Black Iron-level Spiritual Power Potion and one Soul Power Potion each month. This is yours for this month."

As he spoke, Qin Yan handed the box of medicine to Lin Chuan.

"Thank you, President Qin." Lin Chuan took the medicine box with a smile.

Originally, such a small matter would definitely not require Qin Yan to make a trip in person. He must have other things to do when he came here.

Sure enough, Qin Yan continued, "Don't be so formal. Just call me Old Qin, and I'll call you Lin Chuan directly. This way it won't sound awkward. There's one more thing I need to discuss with you."

"Mr. Qin, just say it directly."

"I know you just dropped out of that technical school. It doesn't matter if you drop out. I don't know, Lin Chuan, what are your plans for the next step?"

"I can only take things one step at a time. I missed the opportunity to study at Beast Taming High School, and I know nothing about serious beast taming knowledge. I won't even have a diploma in the future, so I guess I can only make a living by doing random things."

Lin Chuan sighed and acted pitifully.

I wonder if President Qin needs a closed disciple who is qualified to inherit his estate.

"It's a pity to miss out on Beast Taming High School, but most high school students are only at the Iron level.

Silver-level high school students are rare, and it's good to have one in each district.

As long as you are willing to work hard, you may have a chance to be admitted to a high-level Beast Taming School."

"Can I still take the college entrance exam? I don't even have a student status..."

"Let me get this straight. I have an old friend who has nothing better to do and decided to take over a beast-controlling high school. If it doesn't achieve good results this year, it will probably be disqualified from running the school. If you're willing, I can let you in as a transfer student..."

"Does it cost money?" Lin Chuan asked suddenly.

"..." Qin Yan's emotions were incoherent.

"It's free, and I will also sponsor you some resources privately."

"Is there such a good thing? Could it be some new scam? Mr. Qin, you should just state the conditions directly. I'll see if I can meet them."

“……”

This kid always has the urge to hit him. What should I do?

"If what you said is true, three stars in three days, such talent is enough for me to invest in you. If you awakened two years earlier, Huaxia's top beast university would allow you to enter directly without taking the entrance exam.

Of course, these are secondary. I only have one request, that you should go all out in the remaining half year and strive to get a good ranking for the school. Such conditions are not too harsh, right? There will only be benefits for you, without any restrictions. "

"Hmm..." Lin Chuan thought for a moment. It was indeed a sure win. No wonder Qin Yan gave him the green light during the talent test.

"Okay, I agree." Lin Chuan had no reason to refuse.

"Okay, for the next six months, in addition to the fixed welfare potion every month, I will give you two extra of each kind. As for the allocation of resources in the school, it depends on your own ability. You prepare yourself, and I will take you there next Monday morning."

"No problem, thank you, Mr. Qin."

Lin Chuan chuckled.

"By the way, Mr. Qin, is your old friend, my future principal, a woman?"

"乀(ˉεˉ乀)滚"

Qin Yan's face turned red and he kicked Lin Chuan out.
