Chapter 9: Lan Lan. Absorption Potion. 4 Stars.
Walking out of the gate of the Beast Tamer Association, Lin Chuan was in a good mood.

Not only are there white-collar resources, but the next direction is also planned, and it seems that there is a strong supporter.

No matter what, it is a sure win for you.

Of course, everything still depends on Lin Chuan's growth rate. If Lin Chuan fails to meet Qin Yan's expectations, Qin Yan will not be angry with Lin Chuan, but it is estimated that there will be no more interactions in the future.

Judging from Qin Yan's tone, the school conditions of that high school should not be very good.

However, Lin Chuan didn't care about these.

He only cared about the admission qualifications of the Beast Taming University.

No matter how bad the Beast Taming High School was, it was still a high school and the threshold for entering the Beast Taming University.

When you enter university, you will have more resources available to you, and you will be able to enjoy the shade of a big tree.

Lin Chuan has decided to attend this Beast Taming University.

Or, be admitted to university.

……

After Lin Chuan left, Qin Yan's face was mixed with three parts of excitement, three parts of amazement, three parts of confusion, and one part of shyness.

He took out his cell phone and dialed.

"Lao Qin? What's the matter?"

The call was connected, and a soft female voice came from the other end, asking directly to the point.

"Lanlan, it's nothing, it's just..."

Qin Yan was a little embarrassed and nervous for a moment.

"If you have nothing else, hang up first. I'm still busy."

"What are you busy with? Those..."

Qin Yan was so excited that he almost blurted out his true thoughts.

"Old Qin!"

The person on the other side obviously knew what Qin Yan was going to say and was a little angry.

"Okay, I won't talk about that anymore. I have a good seedling here, and I will bring him to your place next week."

"Let's talk about it first if you can get through this year. If you are really a good seedling, I can't waste your time with me. If the school is still there next year..." When talking about business, the woman's voice returned to its soft state.

"It's okay, he can catch up with this year's college admissions." Qin Yan replied indifferently.

"How old is he, what grade?"

"I'm almost 18, three stars in Iron."

"Lao Qin! Are you kidding me? Ahem…"

“Lanlan, don’t get excited. Maybe it will be clear over the phone. You will know then.”

After saying that, Qin Yan hung up the phone without waiting for the other party to say anything.

Damn, this is the first time I, Lao Qin, hang up on Lan Lan’s phone. I’m a little excited.

Lin Chuan, ah Lin Chuan, you must not let me down when the time comes.

No, I have to investigate further. Three stars in three days, tsk tsk…

As for the talent level, the machine can detect it from SSS level to F level, and there has never been any problem.

Qin Yan didn't dare to think about the possibilities that this situation that could not be detected represented.

We’ll talk about the future later.

The problem with the machine has nothing to do with me, Lao Qin. There is no evidence anyway.

Instrument fragments scattered on the ground: "6".

"This old Qin..."

On the other end of the phone, Lan Lan looked at the hung up call, a little dazed.

Her silver and grey hair showed that she was not young.

However, her face does not look old at all, but rather elegant and calm.

"Old Qin couldn't have been deceived, what new trick could have deceived a Diamond Seven Star expert..."

In recent years, there have been a few talented students who were poached by other schools just as they were about to show their talents, causing the school's teaching results to get worse and worse every year.

It has been ten years since any student ranked in the top fifty in District 81 in the admissions exam.

The top 50 in the district is just the threshold for admission to key universities.

As a result of this vicious cycle, many people in District 81 now only know about No. 1 Middle School and No. 2 Middle School, but do not know that there is also a No. 3 Middle School.

Even No. 3 Middle School was already the top-ranked beast-controlling high school in District 81 twenty years ago.

Nowadays, the number of students at No. 3 Middle School is less than one-third of those at No. 1 and No. 2 Middle Schools, not to mention their talent, which is mostly the leftovers from others’ selection.

As for resource allocation, it was cut to only one-fifth, and this was something she had fought for.

Thinking of this, a trace of pain flashed across Lan Lan's face.

"I promised him that I would protect this school. Is it really going to perish in my hands?"

Thinking of that sword-like back, Lan Lan's eyes became firm again: "No, there is still hope, there must be hope this year..."

……

As soon as Lin Chuan got home, he couldn't wait to open the medicine box, took out the two medicines inside and examined them carefully.

One is a light blue spiritual power potion, and the other is a light red soul power potion. Both are marked with black iron grade and can be drunk directly.

However, the spiritual power potion is for beastmen to drink, and it is useless for humans to drink it.

Soul power potion is for beastmasters to drink, and it is also effective for certain special beasts.

"I want to drink..."

Lao Hei’s thoughts kept coming.

Lin Chuan simply ignored it. It would be such a waste to drink such a good thing. The public price of one bottle is more than ten thousand, and it is even more expensive on the black market.

Resisting the urge to sell it, Lin Chuan tried to communicate with the golden tree whether it could absorb it.

Lin Chuan had figured it out a long time ago. No matter what kind of resource potion it was, it would probably not be as effective as his special fruit.

Only by transforming resources into fruits can resource utilization be maximized.

The two bottles of medicine disappeared instantly.

“It really works!”

Afterwards, in the mind space, on the golden tree.

The two green fruits gradually ripened. One of them was already half ripe. It was the one that had absorbed spiritual energy to ripen in the store before.

In addition, there is a red fruit that has ripened.

It seems that a bottle of black iron grade spiritual power potion is equivalent to one and a half green fruits.

A bottle of black iron-level soul potion is equivalent to a red fruit. Moreover, this soul potion is probably made from the crystal core of a monster.

Without hesitation, two green fruits were fed to Lao Hei in the space of mind.

Lao Hei stopped calling out and closed his eyes in contentment as he fell asleep.

Lin Chuan checked it out and it was four stars.

In addition to the upgrade of [Hardened Armor] to level 4, the biggest change is Lao Hei's body shape.

It has grown a lot bigger, growing rapidly as if it had eaten pig feed.

"Old Black, control it, if it keeps growing, my room won't be able to accommodate it!"

While Lin Chuan was complaining, he was thinking about what skill to imprint on Lao Hei next.

However, after thinking for a few seconds, he was too lazy to think about it anymore.

Never mind, just learn whatever you encounter.

How would he know what beast taming skills were suitable for Lao Hei? All he had to do was go with the flow.

Besides, even if he knew which ones were suitable, he wouldn't have the chance to get in touch with them for the time being.

After much thought, it is best to take advantage of the Beast Egg Shop.

The free ones are the best.

Lin Chuan decided that starting from tomorrow, he would visit more beast taming shops in the next few days and try to copy more useful skills.

After all, I have to go to Beastmaster High School next Monday, and it will probably take some time for me to come back.

In Beast Taming High School, everyone has a beast, and every beast has its own skills...

That's a lot of wool, ha ha ha...
