Chapter 10 I'm Not Your Illegitimate Child, Am I?
The next day, early in the morning, Lin Chuan went straight to the Su's Beast Taming Shop where he had been last time.

Without the guidance of the shopping guide, he went straight to the corner from last time and copied down the passive skills of the Rock Spirit and the Swamp Mud Monster.

They are [Rock Armor], and [Attack Absorption] respectively.

As for the Swamp Mud Monster's active skill [Slime], Lin Chuan decided to put it aside for now.

"Guest, what are you doing..."

What a coincidence, it’s the same young lady from last time.

"It's okay. I'm leaving now."

After saying that, Lin Chuan ran away. He was busy going to the next store to check out the place, no, to buy beast eggs.

Although he didn't plan to buy it, there was no rule that he couldn't choose it if he didn't buy it.

The young lady breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Lin Chuan really left, as long as he was not here to return the goods.

……

In the next four days, Lin Chuan visited all the beast taming shops in the surrounding area.

If it’s too far, just give up.

It turns out that matching Lao Hei's skills is far less than Lin Chuan expected.

First of all, let’s not mention those with incompatible attributes, such as fire, thunder and so on.

Secondly, some of the skills that Lin Chuan prefers cannot be learned by Lao Hei.

For example, the water elf's [Water Sword Technique] turns water into a sword, and then uses the sword to chop people. How cool and refreshing!

For example, the water element's [Elemental Clone]...

As a result, Lao Hei couldn't match it and couldn't make a rubbing.

Don’t ask, the answer is I don’t have the ability.

Lao Hei: Whose turtle is holding a sword and attacking people?

Looking at his claws, Lao Hei fell into deep confusion.

In the end, Lin Chuan had to settle for the next best thing and choose to learn some defensive skills first. There were many repeated defensive skills.

Among them, there is one that I like more, which is a skill copied from a water slime [Stretch and Stretch].

This is also the only skill that is not copied from the Beast Tamer Egg, but from the Beast Tamer.

There is no way, this water slime is kept by the store as an air humidifier. Lin Chuan was curious, touched it, and his eyes were immediately wide open.

Just copy it without hesitation.

In addition to the [Skill Fruit], the daily [Energy Fruit] and [Enhancement Fruit] are also fed directly as soon as they mature.

It took four [Energy Fruits] to upgrade Lao Hei from four stars to five stars.

Today, Lao Hei's panel is luxurious:

Beast: Black-backed Turtle (Extraordinary Five Stars)

Skill:

Hardened Armor lv5 (active, physical defense increased by 30% after activation, duration 20 minutes)

Damage Reflection lv7 (Passive, when attacked by physical attacks, 40% of the damage will be reflected with energy attacks)

Scalability lv1 (active, can freely increase or decrease the size, upper limit 50%)

Brain Power lv1 (Passive, when attacking with the brain, gain ten times the power.)

Rock Armor lv1 (Passive, forms a rock layer all over the body, providing a certain amount of defense)

Attack absorption lv1 (passive, when attacked by the same type of skill, the effect gradually weakens, with a maximum reduction of 20%)

Fire element resistance lv1 (passive, reduces fire damage by 10%)

Gold element resistance lv1 (passive, reduces gold damage by 10%)

Potential: Unknown

Strength Assessment: Have you eaten Jinkela? One meal can be equivalent to two.

…………

On Monday morning, Lin Chuan was still asleep.

Faintly, Lin Chuan felt that he was being stared at.

This feeling is magical. Even though I have my eyes closed, I can still feel others are looking at me.

Depend on!

Lin Chuan jerked awake suddenly.

I rubbed my eyes and found that there was no one in the room.

"Bang, bang, bang"

Is someone knocking on the window?

This seems to be the 8th floor.

Lin Chuan turned his head and saw a huge bird head, uh, an eagle head.

A man was sitting on the eagle's back calmly, staring at himself with a smile.

"f**k!" Lin Chuan quickly covered himself.

"Mr. Qin, what are you doing? Why do you still have this habit?"

Lin Chuan was speechless.

“……”

Qin Yan was even more speechless. Who the hell has the time to peep at you?

"Did you forget what we agreed on last time?"

"No, but you didn't say what time it was."

"Then hurry up and wash up. If you leave now, you can still make it in time for lunch."

Qin Yan looked at Lin Chuan, unable to hide the smile on his face.

Good man, I, Lao Qin, have been secretly investigating these days.

Now seeing that Lin Chuan’s level is already Black Iron Five Stars, at this speed, there is no point in investigating!

It won’t be silver next month, right? Turtle, even if I eat Jinkela, I can’t catch up with it.

If he is not sent to Beast Taming Middle School No. 3, he can be specially recruited.

Just spread some information, an 18-year-old silver-level student would probably be scrambled for by many universities.

I am lucky, Lao Qin, and I got a chance...

Lin Chuan simply washed up and was then grabbed by Qin Yan and put on the eagle's back.

This is the first time I have had such a novel experience in my two lifetimes.

The eagle's back is very wide, much larger than Lin Chuan's bed, enough for two people to sit cross-legged.

When the two wings are spread out, they are at least ten meters long.

As the giant eagle took off and accelerated, the buildings below gradually became smaller.

The giant shadow flies very steadily and has its own energy wind shield, so there is no need to worry about falling.

As Lin Chuan came into contact with the giant eagle, its properties were revealed:

Beast Tamer: Giant Rock Eagle King (Monarch 3 stars)

Skill:

Wind Blade lv9 (Active: ...)

Rock Storm lv9 (Active: ...)

……

Awe (Passive: Exclusive to the King of Races)

Potential: Monarch Three Stars

Holy shit, is this diamond level strength?

Lin Chuan felt that if the eagle blew any breath on him, he would disappear.

I originally thought that Lao Hei's attributes looked okay, but compared to this Eagle King, they are nothing.

However, Lin Chuan was not too discouraged, after all, he had just started.

Qin Yan was secretly pleased when he saw Lin Chuan in a daze.

He did this on purpose, not only to save time, but more importantly to show off some of his strength.

Through previous contacts, Qin Yan could sense that this kid didn't care much about anything and lacked a lot of awe.

This time, even if I have to tie him up, I will tie him up tightly until he graduates from No. 3 Middle School.

"Lin Chuan, what are you thinking about?"

"What do you want to eat for lunch?"

“？？？”

"No, I didn't bring anything. It was too hasty."

"It's okay.

The school will prepare it for free.

You can buy whatever you need.

I will deposit 100,000 yuan into your card every month.

That should be enough.

In addition, you are now at a high star level.

If the concentration of spiritual energy is not enough, you can try to practice with spiritual stones.

I will give you two additional primary spiritual stones every month."

Thank you boss!

What else can Lin Chuan say? This is what it feels like to be supported... bah, sponsored?

It feels so f*****g good!

"Also, if you have any questions about cultivation, you can ask me."

"Mr. Qin, I'm not your illegitimate child, am I? The kind that can inherit the estate."

"roll!"

Qin Yan was certainly not doing this without a purpose. He just wanted to increase the stakes to prevent others from poaching him with just any item. That would leave him with no place to cry.

Doing all this is nothing more than giving this kid a heads-up in advance so that he will have to think twice when he has other options in the future.
