Chapter 11 Entering Beast Taming School No. 3
Lin Chuan was naturally happy with Qin Yan's plan.

Their agreement was only limited to the next six months. As long as Lin Chuan entered the Beastmaster University, he would be free to fly as high as he wanted.

"Mr. Qin, I do need help with something."

"You say." Qin Yan was not afraid of trouble, but he was afraid that this kid would not come to him when he got into trouble.

"I need the flesh and blood or crystal core of a monster."

After thinking for a while, Lin Chuan spoke.

"It's a small matter. What level of stuff is needed? We may not have anything too high right now."

"Anything is fine. Monarch-level ones are best, but extraordinary ones are also fine."

"Monarch level? You dare to think so..." After a moment's silence, Qin Yan continued, "With your current strength, it is not a good choice to consume the flesh and blood of high-level monsters too early...

How about this, I will come over once a month to deliver medicine to you, and bring you an elite monster, but I can’t guarantee whether it has a crystal core or not.”

"Thank you, Mr. Qin."

"Haha, it's a piece of cake. You should study hard and try to get into a good university. I will come to check on you on time."

"Haha, it's just a small matter..."

While chatting and laughing, the giant eagle had already crossed most of Area 81.

Lin Chuan looked down, his eyes passing over the towering city walls.

Outside the wall, there was a wasteland with no birds or animals. A little further away, there was a dense forest that stretched like a sea of ​​trees.

The Ring City is just an isolated island in the sea of ​​trees.

Faintly, he could hear a few roars of beasts. Every time this happened, Lin Chuan felt that the giant eagle's back muscles were tense, as if it was ready to accelerate at any time.

"Master Qin, when do you think the monsters might attack the city again?"

"Who can say for sure? It could happen at any time. I'm 65 this year, and I've only experienced six or seven of them, big or small. On average, once every ten years. The last time was in..."

"Eight years ago."

Lin Chuan remembered that the parents of this body died in that disaster.

As they were about to reach their destination, the two stopped talking.

……

From a distance, Lin Chuan saw the words "Third Beast Taming Middle School" hanging on the top floor of a building.

Qin Yan didn't go through the school gate. He let the giant eagle fly directly to an office building and jumped in with Lin Chuan in his arms.

"f**k, what a big bird!!"

"Girl, watch your words!"

"f**k, this bird is so big!"

……

Many students saw the Giant Rock Eagle King fly into the campus and climbed up the windows to watch.

“Old Qin!!”

Lan Lan naturally knew that Lao Qin was coming. Although she had scolded him countless times, he never learned his lesson.

When Qin Yan heard Lan Lan's roar, he hurriedly put away the Giant Rock Eagle King and went to greet him with a smile.

"Lanlan, you came out to pick me up."

“……”

Lin Chuan followed silently from behind, never expecting that President Qin had such a side to him.

"Like I said last time, if you fly directly into the campus again, don't come here again."

"Don't be angry, Lanlan, I'm in a hurry to send you students." Qin Yan stepped aside. "Come, Lin Chuan, this is your principal Lanlan."

"Hello, Principal."

"Hello, Lin." Lan Lan couldn't get angry in front of the students, so she had to lead the two into the office.

"Tell me about it."

In the office, Lan Lan asked Lin Chuan to sit down, and then sat opposite him.

As for Qin Yan, just stand there.

"Lan Lan, this is what happened. As for Lin Chuan, he awakened a little late and missed the chance to attend Beast Taming High School. I think this kid has quite a bit of talent, so I brought him here to study hard, otherwise he would be buried."

"What about talent?"

"B-level accelerated growth, the beastmaster is a defensive type."

Without waiting for Qin Yan to answer, Lin Chuan poured it all out.

Qin Yan's mouth twitched but he didn't say anything.

"Well, not bad. I'm already at Black Iron Five Stars. I have half a year left. I'll try to sprint to Seven Stars. At least I can get into an ordinary university."

This means accepting Lin Chuan.

B-level talent, if it was under 16 years old, maybe the achievement would be higher. Unfortunately...

However, if that were the case, it probably wouldn't be Beast Tamer 3's turn to pick up the spoils.

Thinking of this, Lan Lan soon felt relieved.

"Thank you, Principal." Lin Chuan hurriedly thanked him.

"But let me make it clear in advance.

You must have known before you came here that the school conditions and resources here are not comparable to those of No. 1 Middle School and No. 2 Middle School.

I don't care what Lao Qin tells you, I still hope you will think it through.

If you want to transfer to another school, you can do it now.

I don't want you to regret it after a while."

"No, Principal. From now on, I will be a member of No. 3 Middle School in life and the soul of No. 3 Middle School in death. It is our duty to restore the glory of No. 3 Middle School!"

Lan Lan: “…”

Qin Yan: “…”

What an honest child!

Lan Lan glanced at Qin Yan, wondering what kind of magic potion he had fed the kid.

However, he was obviously in a good mood.

Although I don’t know what this child can bring to No. 3 Middle School, it won’t be worse than it is now.

At least, it's a good sign.

Qin Yan secretly gave Lin Chuan a thumbs up. If he had Lin Chuan's eloquence, that guy would have no chance.

As a result, that guy died early, leaving Lan Lan to guard this broken school for so many years.

……

Nearing noon, Lan Lan took Lin Chuan to familiarize themselves with the environment while walking towards the cafeteria. Qin Yan naturally wanted to follow them to eat.

Among the three of them, Lin Chuan is the most special one. There is no other way, Lin Chuan is the youngest.

Moreover, with the principal on one side and the very strong-looking Qin Yan on the other, combined with the giant eagle that had previously attracted attention in the school, it would be hard for Lin Chuan not to be noticed.

"Who is this handsome guy..."

"The principal personally received him. Could he be some second-generation person?"

……

Along the way, students and teachers kept greeting Lan Lan and looking at Lin Chuan.

Obviously, Lan Lan's usual style of dealing with things is relatively tolerant and friendly.

"By the way, Lao Qin, didn't you say there was a promising candidate for the Iron Three Stars?"

While eating, Lan Lan suddenly remembered and asked casually.

"Isn't this here? It's Lin Chuan. It was three stars before, but now it's five stars."

Qin Yan took a bite of rice and pointed at Lin Chuan.

"I think you are really getting old and confused!"

Lan Lan laughed and scolded, then stopped asking questions.

In less than a week, he went from Iron three stars to five stars?

Even riding a rocket is not that fast!

Even if the medicine is supplied in unlimited quantities, it would be difficult, not to mention the side effects of drug resistance and overdose.

Seeing that Lan Lan obviously didn't believe it, Qin Yan didn't bother to explain.

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, his reaction would probably have been similar to Lan Lan's.

Just wait, this kid Lin Chuan will definitely give you a surprise.

Fortunately, Lin Chuan had a five-star rating, so Qin Yan didn't have to spend any more time trying to convince Lan Lan to accept him, and the arguments he had prepared were hardly used.

Next, whether it is a dragon or a bug depends on this kid himself.

Qin Yan is very much looking forward to this.

He had a feeling that this would be the best thing he would ever do in his life.
