Chapter 13: You Want to Run Away After Pretending to Be so Annoying?
Want to run away after pretending to be so cute?

How can it be that simple?

"Is there anything else you forgot?"

Lin Chuan called them over.

"We are all classmates, it's just a joke, there's no need to take it so seriously, right?"

Yan Hao's only fake smile disappeared and he said with a cold face.

"What you just said is just like fart. Are you qualified to be the monitor?"

"you…"

Yan Hao was furious, his face turned red and white. Finally, he said, "I didn't promise you anything. Besides, do you dare to do anything in school?"

"Yeah, so what if I don't want to eat? Do you dare to hit me? Hit me..."

The yellow-haired dog took advantage of his master's power and said with a smug look on his face.

"Damn, I've never seen such a request in my life."

Lin Chuan murmured.

After saying that, he suddenly pounced towards the yellow-haired man.

Huangmao was caught off guard and was knocked to the ground by Lin Chuan. Lin Chuan pinned him down with his neck stuck, making him unable to move.

"f**k, you..."

Before the yellow-haired man could finish his curse, he was slapped in the face by Lin Chuan.

"How dare you talk foul language to me!"

Lin Chuan was still not satisfied and slapped him on the other side.

Now the two sides are symmetrical and look much more pleasing to the eye.

The incident happened suddenly and many people didn't react in time, and Lin Chuan had already succeeded.

"What are you doing? Fighting is prohibited in school!"

Several security guards came over to try to stop the fight, but they only dared to shout at the side and did not dare to go forward and pull Lin Chuan away.

Once they leave the school, they are just ordinary people. These students are all beastmasters, and they cannot afford to offend any of them.

"Huang Wei, summon the beast, you idiot."

Yan Hao only whispered a reminder but did not step forward to help.

This fight would definitely alert the school leaders, and he didn't want to be implicated.

"Oh, that's right... I'm a beastmaster."

Huang Wei was obviously stunned and didn't react for a while.

In other words, I have never met such a reckless person before.

"Come out, poison ivy"

I saw a summoning array gradually taking shape.

Then, a black-green vine appeared beside Lin Chuan, twisting its body like a poisonous snake.

The vines were covered with thorns and quickly spread towards Lin Chuan's body.

Even if the opponent doesn't use any skills, being entangled by such vines is definitely uncomfortable.

"You don't follow martial ethics, do you? Lao Hei, come out."

Lin Chuan twisted his body, dodged several waves of vines, and directly summoned Lao Hei.

This time, Lin Chuan deliberately summoned Lao Hei more than one meter above the ground, facing most of the vines.

Then, smash it down directly.

There was only a loud "bang" sound, as if a huge hammer weighing hundreds of pounds hit the ground, directly crushing the poisonous thorn vine and the juice came out.

At the same time, Lin Chuan also learned about the poison thorn vine:

Beast Tamer: Poison Ivy (Super Six Stars)

Skill:

Poison Stinger Burst Level 6 (Active, instantly shoots out all the stingers on the body within three seconds, attacking the enemy in all directions. Cooldown time 30 minutes)

Paralysis Toxin lv1 (Passive, all attacks add paralysis toxin, paralysis level: primary.)

Potential: Elite Nine Stars

No wonder the yellow-haired guy didn't dare to use his skills to attack. This kind of large-scale group attack skill is not as useful as an entanglement in public.

It takes half an hour to charge and three seconds to release.

Three seconds of true manliness?

[Found matching skills... Successfully printed]

Without even looking, you know that the passive poisoning skill has been copied.

Even if you ask Lao Hei to spray the stinger, it doesn't have the ability to do so.

[Paralyzing Toxin] Although it looks ordinary, it is better than nothing.

On the first day of school, I got a wool. I was so happy!

At this moment, looking at the yellow-haired creature under me, it doesn’t seem so hateful anymore.

After all, Lin Chuan beat up his men, crushed his beast, and even got a skill from him for free.

It doesn't seem appropriate to pinch someone's neck anymore.

After all, Principal Lan Lan was only a few dozen meters away.

So, Lin Chuan reached his hand into Huang Wei's clothes.

"don't want……"

Huang Wei immediately made a quacking sound like a drake.

"Calling chicken feathers..."

He rolled up the student ID card he had found and stuffed it into Huang Wei's mouth, which was considered as helping him fulfill his promise.

Then, Lin Chuan stood up, put away Lao Hei, dusted himself off, and prepared to face the storm.

As for Yan Hao, he had already run to the principal to complain.

Lin Chuan was not so reckless as to take action in front of Lan Lan, so he let him owe it first and then pay it back with interest.

……

In the principal's office.

"What's going on? Why are you fighting?"

Lan Lan's face turned pale, and he looked at the three people in front of him and asked sternly.

Campus fights, how new! It hasn't happened in years.

What's more, the beast tamer was involved, which was a far more serious crime. To put it in a serious way, he could be sent directly to the police station.

It is forbidden to summon beasts to fight privately within the ring city.

"Yan Hao, you are the class monitor, you speak first." Lan Lan called out his name directly.

"Principal, Huang Wei and Lin Chuan were arguing about whether Lin Chuan was a student in Class 1. There was a misunderstanding, and Lin Chuan started it first."

"Didn't I check with the security guard over the phone? What does this have to do with you? How could there be any contradiction?"

"this……"

"Lin Chuan, you go ahead."

“They scolded me.”

"What did you say?"

"For the sake of my dead parents, I can't tell you."

After saying that, Lin Chuan turned his head away stubbornly and stopped talking.

Damn, it seems like you haven’t said anything, but actually you have said everything and left endless room for imagination.

Yan Hao and Huang Wei were speechless.

Want to deny?

Huang Wei did say a few dirty words.

"Huang Wei... forget it, just take care of your injuries. Don't worry, the school will do its best to treat your beast and it will definitely not delay your college entrance examination."

Huang Wei had a listless look on his face. His beast was seriously injured and was forced to be taken into the beast control space to lie dead. He was also greatly affected.

"No matter what, fighting is wrong. Both of you will be given a school warning. If you do it again..."

Lan Lan didn't finish her words, it goes without saying

"Do you two have any objections?"

"No." Huang Wei naturally didn't dare to have any opinion.

"I have no objection. By the way, Principal, doesn't the school have subsidies? What are the specific subsidies?"

Lin Chuan suddenly asked.

"Two black iron-grade spiritual power and soul power potions each, two primary spiritual stones, and a living allowance."

Lan Lan didn't expect this guy to have such a wild thought process. She was talking about punishment, but how come he suddenly thought of the subsidy?

"If you violate the school rules again, your allowance will be deducted directly."

Lan Lan warned casually.

"Understood, Principal."

It was just a small warning, Lin Chuan didn't care. This should be Lan Lan's leniency for Qin Yan's sake.

However, Lin Chuan naturally would not regret it. What he cares about is the satisfaction of settling a debt.

"You two go back to the classroom first, Yan Hao stays." Lan Lan said to the three of them.

……
