Chapter 15 the Spiritual Array Is Broken? Protection Fee
It turned out that I had come to the right place to go to Beast Taming High School.

Hearing such a generous reward, Lin Chuan almost drooled.

Then, he grabbed the fat boy beside him and asked casually, "Fatty, is Yan Ritian very strong? What kind of talent does he have?"

"Brother, my name is Xu Dazhi, you can just call me Dazhi."

The little fat boy said in a flattering manner, "Our class monitor has a B-level fire attribute talent, and the beast he contracts with is also a fire attribute [Lava Giant].

He is very powerful and has been the top of the grade since the first year of high school.

No one can beat his beast."

"Fire attribute?"

Lin Chuan thought for a moment and made a decision.

"It seems that to strengthen the fruit, I need to first improve the fire resistance..."

When the time comes, I will teach Yan Ritian a lesson on how to behave himself.

……

Speak of Cao Cao and he will appear.

Yan Hao came out of the principal's office, feeling very proud.

Apparently, I also learned about the class exam from the principal.

In his opinion, isn't this prepared for him?

You can just give it to him directly, why go through all the formalities?

However, he would not have any objection. He would eat the meat himself, so he had to leave some soup for others.

As soon as he entered the classroom, Yan Hao could already feel the envious gazes of his classmates.

"Master Yan..."

For those who have a good relationship, congratulations in advance.

Yan Hao responded with a smile, then walked over and sat down next to Huang Wei.

"Master Yan."

Huang Wei greeted weakly.

"How are you? I should have stopped that Lin Chuan in advance, but I didn't expect he would dare to do it."

Yan Hao said harshly.

"It's okay, just rest for a few days. Anyway, I don't have much to lose, and I can still get half of his subsidy. It's not a big loss."

"Well, the class exam will be in half a month. I will focus on destroying his beastmaster then."

Yan Hao narrowed his eyes slightly, glanced at Lin Chuan out of the corner of his eye, and then stopped looking at him.

……

"Alright, students, please spread out and sit down. The spiritual energy formation will be activated soon. Hurry up and practice."

Following Du Yong's order, the crowd that had just been whispering to each other immediately separated and began to meditate.

Cultivate? How to cultivate? I don’t know how.

Only Lin Chuan was scratching his head, feeling bored.

Suddenly, Lin Chuan felt a familiar breath.

He had that feeling when he first entered Su’s shop, it was a feeling of spiritual energy blowing towards him.

Later, in order to avoid attracting attention, he would warn Huang Jinshu not to smoke randomly when entering public places.

"What does this mean? I can suck it as much as I want? I know how to do that!"

Lin Chuan was overjoyed.

The free spiritual energy is so fragrant.

Lin Chuan then released the restrictions of the golden tree and his consciousness entered the sea of ​​​​consciousness to observe.

I saw that an originally transparent fruit was being dyed emerald green at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Lin Chuan estimated that it would be ready in half an hour.

The main reason is that the concentration of spiritual energy here is not enough. The space is too large and it is all diluted.

After all, there are about thirty students here.

And they are all black iron grade, it would be a waste if the concentration is too high.

……

As Lin Chuan absorbed the knowledge, the students in the classroom gradually realized that something was wrong.

"Teacher, is the spiritual energy array turned off? I can't feel anything!"

"Yeah, I just got into the mood, but it was gone."

"I took off my pants, that's all..."

More and more students started shouting.

"How could it not be open? I put a spiritual stone there myself. You guys are really hard to please. Usually you complain that the concentration is too high, but today you complain that it's too low."

Du Yong laughed and cursed, then he practiced and felt it himself.

Um?

The concentration is indeed very low, only slightly higher than outside the classroom.

Afterwards, Du Yong walked out of the classroom and went straight to the switch of the spirit stone array to check.

"That's not right. The spirit stones are used up so quickly?"

One spirit stone is enough for these guys to practice for a whole day, but it was used up in just one hour. Could there be something wrong with the spirit array?

At this rate, no amount of spirit stones would be enough.

There was no choice, Du Yong planned to report to the principal first.

"Well, classmates, there seems to be something wrong with the spiritual energy array. I will go find someone to fix it. Students, just practice first. Those who have spiritual stones can use them to practice on their own. Well, class monitor, please maintain discipline."

After saying that, Du Yong left.

Lin Chuan naturally knew the reason. He was too cruel and couldn't help it, so he sucked most of the spiritual energy.

However, looking at the two new green [Energy Fruits] on the golden tree, Lin Chuan couldn't help but smile like an old farmer with a good harvest.

"Brother, you are laughing so meanly!"

At this time, the little fat boy Xu Dazhi came over again in a mean manner.

Lin Chuan doesn't bother with these little brats because there's a generation gap between them.

However, after seeing the white jade-like stone in Xu Dazhi's hand, Lin Chuan liked the little fat boy more and more.

"Brother, don't look at me like that, I'm scared."

"You have spirit stones? Where did you get them?"

"It's from the school, brother, don't you have one?"

What you said is just like two little kids discussing snacks.

Should I have it? Shouldn't I?

Lin Chuan couldn't help but ask himself.

Yes, why don’t I have it?

I am also a formal student of No. 3 Middle School, right? At least, give me the subsidy for this month! I will go to see the principal later!

"Can you lend it to me?"

Lin Chuan used the gentlest tone, but his eyes were fixed on the little fat boy.

"Brother, I only have one piece left."

Seeing that Xu Dazhi was about to cry, Lin Chuan had to give up: "Forget it, didn't you say that the concentration of spiritual energy is usually sufficient? Why are you using it up so quickly?"

"No, I have to hand over one dollar to the monitor every month."

"What the hell? As the class monitor, you take the lead in collecting protection money? The school doesn't care?"

Lin Chuan said in surprise.

Based on his understanding of Principal Lan Lan, she would not tolerate such a thing.

"It's not protection money. If you don't pay, the class monitor will pick extracurricular time to give you 'remedial' practical lessons. You know! They don't dare to go too far with girls, because most of the boys in the class have to pay anyway."

Lin Chuan understood, it was actually still protection money, just with a different name.

I didn't expect that there are so many twists and turns in this school. No wonder Yan Hao chose to stay here.

By this calculation, being a bully and savior in No. 3 Middle School must be much more satisfying than being an ordinary student in No. 1 Middle School.

This kind of stuff actually made him happy for two and a half years?

Damn, I can do it too!

The more Lin Chuan thought about it, the angrier he became. This protection fee, no, the guidance fee, should be collected by him, Lin Chuan.

"Brother, do you have a grudge against Yan Hao and the others?"

Xu Dazhi asked in a low voice.

"Is it so obvious?"

"Brother, you can't hide the look in your eyes when you want to stab someone. I saw it from afar when you were at the school gate."

"f**k, you're such a pervert. Just say it straight if you have something to say. Don't be so hesitant."

Lin Chuan probably knew what this kid wanted to do, so he let him speak for himself.

"Brother, what can happen to me, haha..." Xu Dazhi laughed, "If you really have a grudge against them, I will give you this spiritual stone."

Xu Dazhi covered his chest with his hands, his face full of pain.

"How can this be so embarrassing?" Lin Chuan refused.

Before Xu Dazhi withdrew his hand, he snatched the spirit stone again and said, "Just think of it as a loan from me. If Yan Hao asks you to pay it back next month, you can ask him to come to me."

"So direct? It is said that Yan Hao is almost reaching Black Iron Eight Stars."

"It doesn't matter, just smash them all!"

Although Xu Dazhi was full of doubts, he had no choice but to believe it.
