Chapter 16 Lin Chuan's Correct Opening Method
Lin Chuan held the spirit stone in his hand, feeling its warm touch like jade, as if a trace of heat seeped into his palm from the surface of the spirit stone, which was very comfortable.

Now is not the time to absorb the spirit stone directly. There are too many people and too many eyes. What if this little fat guy regrets it? He can't say that he has absorbed it all.

Wait a minute, it doesn’t matter.

"What a good thing! I wonder how many fruits can be ripened with one piece..."

While Lin Chuan was daydreaming, he was thinking about how many resources he had available every month, especially since he had only half a month left and he had to make use of all the resources.

First of all, Lin Chuan had already used up one bottle of each of the two potions from the Beast Taming Association.

Then from Lao Qin's side, I need potions and 2 spirit stones, but Lao Qin said it would start from next month. The exam is coming soon, so it's okay for me to advance it in advance, anyway, just send it over before the exam at the end of the month.

By the way, there is another elite-level monster, this one is also big-headed, I almost forgot about it.

Finally, on the school side, the fixed subsidy amount is the same as that given by Lao Qin, and this month’s subsidy has not been issued yet.

Of course, what Lin Chuan is most looking forward to is the reward for the class exam, which is more than all the above combined.

This must be obtained!

“Hehehe…”

As he thought about it, Lin Chuan couldn't help but laugh like a pig.

"Yaoyao, did you know that new classmate before? He kept smiling at you! His smile was so obscene!"

"I don't know him. He never smiled at me!"

"If you don't pay attention to him, how do you know he's not smiling at you?"

"I'm ignoring you."

Ye Yao recalled that she had blurted out "the one that was exposed was the Beast Tamer" and she still felt extremely embarrassed.

She also didn't expect that the new neighbor across the street was such a ruthless person, and was also her classmate.

It’s over. It seems I said something wrong. I won’t be stuck on the road and then be... scared.

Fortunately, Lin Chuan didn't know what was in Ye Yao's mind, otherwise, he would definitely sigh from the bottom of his heart:

Girl, you know a lot.

……

On the other side, Du Yong hurriedly reported to Lan Lan what happened in the first shift.

"Principal, is there really something wrong with the spiritual energy formation?"

This matter cannot be taken lightly.

"Don't worry, the spiritual energy array won't go wrong that easily. I roughly know where the problem lies."

Then, I called the logistics department and asked them to send a monthly subsidy for the third year of high school.

"You go back to the classroom first and ask the newcomer Lin Chuan to come over to me. The Reiki issue will be resolved in the afternoon, so don't worry the students."

"Yes, Headmaster."

Although Du Yong was full of doubts, he still did as he was told.

"Lao Qin, Lao Qin, this is not a surprise you prepared for me, it's more like a shock..."

Ever since Lin Chuan stepped into the school, things have been happening around him, and it's hard for Lan Lan not to make associations.

"B-level talent, [Accelerated Growth], can it absorb spiritual energy at such a terrifying speed?"

"If it's true, we can look forward to it."

……

When Lin Chuan heard Du Yong say that the principal wanted to see him about something, he knew what it was.

However, he had nothing to be afraid of.

I didn't steal or rob, I absorbed the spiritual energy with my own ability, so I can't let myself give it back.

Thinking of this, Lin Chuan felt that his back straightened a lot.

"Principal, you are looking for me."

Lin Chuan is familiar with the place and goes into the principal's office more often than the classroom.

"You did the classroom aura thing?"

"Um... maybe, maybe... I sucked a little faster..."

Before Lin Chuan finished speaking, Lan Lan interrupted him: "No more smoking."

"Ah? Then what about my training? This is secondary. The point is, who will restore the glory of No. 3 Middle School?"

"I will give you two more spirit stones every month. You can absorb them without affecting other students' practice. Are you satisfied?"

Lan Lan finally understood. This kid seemed honest on the surface, but in reality he would not let go of the meat until he got it in his mouth.

There's no need to talk to him about principles, just negotiate the terms directly.

"Six stars by the end of the month. Judging from the speed at which you absorb spiritual energy, it shouldn't be difficult. If you can't do it, you'll be fired."

"ah?"

"What? If you can't do this, then it would be a waste for you to absorb the spiritual energy."

Lin Chuan certainly did not find it difficult or easy, but was surprised by the change in Lan Lan's working style.

It seems that Principal Lan Lan has found the correct way to open Lin Chuan!

"No problem, Principal. What I want to say is that after I reach six stars, I may need more spirit stones..."

"For every extra star, I'll give you two more spirit stones."

"What if it's silver?"

"Silver before the college entrance examination?"

"Of course."

"You really dare to think so! If you really do it, you can be the principal. Haha..."

“Can the principal embezzle public funds?”

"You want to be beaten, don't you?"

"Forget it, I'm not interested."

"This is your allowance for this month, and there are two extra spirit stones, all in it."

"Is this half month also counted as a full month?"

"The school is not as stingy as you think."

"Thank you, President. I will do my best until my death..."

"Get lost."

Lan Lan didn't want to listen to Lin Chuan's nonsense anymore, so she just handed the things to him and told him to get out.

……

Lin Chuan didn't expect that he was just calculating how many resources he had, and immediately he got them, and even more.

Is this the legendary wish come true?

Lin Chuan was a little uncomfortable with suddenly having so many resources at hand.

The resources in his hands were like biting people, making Lin Chuan feel itchy.

I just found a men's restroom and slipped in.

After a minute, I felt comfortable.

“Huh… So cool.”

All the resources at hand were absorbed and turned into ripe fruits hanging on the golden tree.

Even the spiritual stone that Xu Dazhi "lent" him was not spared. Never mind, let's have fun first.

Today, the golden tree is full of fruits, including twenty green [Energy Fruits] and two red [Skill Fruits]. Each primary spirit stone is equivalent to three energy fruits.

As for the three kinds of red, yellow and green fruits that matured automatically today, they have been fed to Lao Hei.

The skill has been expanded to include [Paralyzing Poison] level 1.

The two enhanced fruits that ripened yesterday and today directly upgraded [Damage Rebound] to level 9, and the damage rebound rate reached 50%.

Lin Chuan estimated that this skill could not be improved for the time being.

I have taken a look at the skills of the Giant Rock Eagle King before. It has so many skills, and the levels are all fixed at lv9.

Obviously, there are some limitations.

Lin Chuan is not sure whether his golden finger can break through this limitation.

However, [Damage Rebound] level 9 is enough for now.

Lin Chuan even felt that he should keep some enhanced fruits as backup so that he could be ready for any emergency.

There are still more than ten days left, enough for Lin Chuan to upgrade Lao Hei's fire resistance to the maximum.

There's no way, we're targeting you.

Of course, the main reason is that there are too many rewards and Lin Chuan must take them.
