Chapter 17: Let Me Touch Your Beast?
As for the level, Lin Chuan is not in a hurry to improve it too quickly.

Lao Hei is now a five-star character, having eaten two Energy Fruits. Lin Chuan estimates that it will take about seven or eight more Energy Fruits to upgrade from five stars to six stars.

The stock Lin Chuan has now is barely enough to upgrade to the peak of six stars, and it will reach seven stars in a few days.

This speed is absolutely shocking.

All in all, he had only been awakened for a little over a week.

In two weeks, he went from awakening to Black Iron Seven Stars? It must be the reincarnation of some demon beast!

There is no guarantee that it will be taken away for slice research.

If the upgrade was faster in the early stage, it could be explained as a result of accumulated talent, which is understandable. But if it was always this fast, it would be a bit scary.

It is necessary to upgrade to six stars before the end of the month, and the rest depends on the situation.

Anyway, Lao Hei's upgrade depends entirely on eating fruits, and Lin Chuan doesn't need to spend any effort on practicing.

Fortunately, even though Lao Qin guessed something, he didn't do much, and even took the initiative to defend Lin Chuan.

After all, they are now on the same side.

Moreover, it is obvious that Lao Qin has some feelings for Lan Lan. It is the case that although he is old, his heart is still young.

As long as Lin Chuan and Lan Lan have a good relationship and are valuable to No. 3 Middle School, there is no need to worry about Lao Qin turning against him.

What's more, Lao Qin seems to be childless and lonely, and Lin Chuan is planning to inherit his estate!

……

After having a few bites in the cafeteria, Lin Chuan was not in a hurry to go to the classroom and walked around first.

In front are the teaching area and office building, and in the back are the dormitories and canteen.

Further back is a desolate hill.

After crossing the hill, it is less than ten kilometers to reach the foot of the city wall.

These 10 kilometers, also known as the isolation zone around the city, are generally uninhabited.

Once monsters attack the city, this is where the army will be stationed.

If the city walls are lost, this place will become a bloody meat grinder.

From this perspective, being in Beast Taming Level 3 is no different from guarding the front lines.

Fortunately, it is a peaceful time now and no monsters will break into the ring city.

At the foot of the hill, all you can see are ruins.

The building in front is obviously newly built. This is the original campus of No. 3 Middle School.

But it has already been demolished.

I just don’t know whether it was an active demolition or a passive reconstruction.

Lin Chuan speculated that the latter is more likely.

On the hillside in the distance, you can vaguely see a number of tombstones standing.

The situation is self-evident.

Lin Chuan had no intention of going up to pay tribute to his ancestors. He just thought there was nothing interesting here, so he left.

What he wanted to do most now was to find two more beasts to take advantage of.

Lao Hei only has 9 skills, which is far from the small goal in Lin Chuan’s mind. It is not enough at all...

……

"Let me touch your beast..." No, that's too abrupt.

"Want to touch my beast? Let's take turns touching it..." No, that's too perverted.

"Young man, let's have a fair beast taming duel!"

"Neuropathy."

Along the way, Lin Chuan looked at the students coming and going and felt extremely heartbroken.

“These are all wool!”

Unfortunately, he couldn't grab it.

After thinking about it, I decided that the one who is close to the water should get the moon first, so I should finish searching for Class 1 first.

In the afternoon, it should not be boring training, but beast taming training.

Lin Chuan is still looking forward to this.

……

Training Hall No. 1 is a venue exclusively for key classes, while other classes can only share several other venues.

Inside the library, thirty students stood scattered around, waiting for instructions from their class teacher Du Yong.

"Classmates, communicate with the summoning array now and summon your own beasts. In five seconds..."

"Bang!"

Before Du Yong could finish his words, he was interrupted by a "bang".

"What's going on?"

Following the student's gaze, Du Yong felt a headache. Who else could it be other than Lin Chuan?

"Teacher, what's wrong? Aren't you going to summon a beast?"

"It's okay. Lin Chuan has already demonstrated it, so other students should speed up. You know, in a real battlefield, monsters won't wait for you to slowly summon them. Time is life..."

Du Yong directly used Lin Chuan as teaching material.

Then, Du Yong changed the subject: "However, in addition to the summoning speed, the landing point of the beast is also crucial. It is best not to cause too much noise."

Oh, this is using Lin Chuan as a negative example again, which means the value is fully utilized.

"Teacher, what if I summon it above someone's head and attack them directly? Hehehe..."

The one who was speaking was Xu Dazhi. The fat boy knew how Lin Chuan smashed all of Huang Wei's beasts, so he put it into practice.

"You think you are a fool, can't you run away? Besides, your beast is only a few pounds, it's better to smash it with yourself."

Du Yong did not indulge the fat boy and was determined to put an end to any unhealthy practices.

"Oh." The little fat boy said he was convinced but he was not convinced. "Isn't that how the yellow-haired guy got exploded?"

This sentence caused many students to burst into laughter.

"Hahaha……"

"Then he is pure Sapi..."

Suddenly, the museum was filled with a happy atmosphere.

In other words, Huang Wei's beast was injured and did not need to participate in training, otherwise it would have found a hole in the ground and crawled into it.

"If you laugh again, get out."

There was no other way, Du Yong had to use his teacher's authority to calm the group of students down.

"Alright, those who just summoned for more than five seconds, take them back and summon them again. This is your subject today. In college, you are qualified if you can summon them in three seconds or even instantly."

"Other students, train in your groups. Those who need to train physical fitness should train physical fitness, and those who need to train offense and defense should train offense and defense..."

After completing the arrangements, Du Yong walked towards Lin Chuan.

Although Du Yong had made up his mind not to bother with a troublesome transfer student like Lin Chuan, he was still amazed by Lin Chuan's instant summoning just now.

Such a summoning speed is usually mastered by college students. It seems that Lin Chuan is a promising talent.

"Lin Chuan? Where is Lin Chuan?"

How come this guy disappeared in the blink of an eye?

I looked around and wondered why this guy was hanging out with the girls.

Are you here to study or to pick up girls?

At this moment, Lin Chuan was pestering Ye Yao to take another look at her beast.

What did he see just now? A jellyfish floating in the air, flying around Ye Yao.

That painting style is very beautiful.

Lin Chuan couldn't bear it anymore and planned to launch a surprise attack.

Unexpectedly, the jellyfish was very alert and was scared directly into the beast taming space.

As a result, Ye Yao also looked at Lin Chuan with caution, thinking that he was going to do something bad.

He probably wouldn't dare to do that in public...

“Lin Chuan, what are you doing?”

Du Yong walked over quickly and asked.

"Well, I just saw a jellyfish flying in the sky, so I came over to take a look."

Lin Chuan spoke the truth.

"Really? I think you came here to see Yaoyao for other reasons."

Zhang Rong who was beside Ye Yao said fiercely, which made Ye Yao blush again.

"I'm watching what she does... No, what I mean is that seeing jellyfish reminds me of the sea. My childhood wish has been to see the legendary sea. It is said that there are many extraordinary creatures in the sea..."

Lin Chuan talked a lot and finally said, "Can you let me see it?"

This time, Lin Chuan directly played the sincerity card.
