Chapter 18 Ufo Jellyfish, S-level Talent?
"Well, all right then."

Ye Yao looked at Lin Chuan and nodded.

"Anyway, Xiaoyou is also an ornamental beast. She is quite timid, so don't scare her again."

After saying that, Ye Yao summoned again.

Three seconds later, the jellyfish reappeared in front of Lin Chuan.

The crystal clear body is like pink cotton candy. If it is at night, it can also flash and glow, which is very beautiful.

"Amazing! Don't jellyfish live in water? They can actually float."

Lin Chuan kept exclaiming.

Unconsciously, Lin Chuan stretched out a finger and slowly approached the jellyfish.

As if knowing that Lin Chuan had no ill intentions, the jellyfish also extended a tentacle and touched Lin Chuan's finger...

Beast Tamer: UFO Jellyfish (Super Seven Stars)

Skill:

Elemental Force Field lv7 (active, uses water elements to keep the body suspended in the air, lasts for 40 minutes)

Elemental Breathing (Passive, race-specific, can utilize water elemental breathing in various environments.)

Potential: One star leader

As expected of an ornamental beast, it has no fighting power at all.

Lin Chuan doubted whether this little thing really had a chance to grow to the commander level.

[Found matching skills... Successfully printed]

This is what Lin Chuan was waiting for. No matter which skill he copied, he would make a lot of money.

"I'm fine... No, this little guy is so cute!"

After saying that, Lin Chuan retracted his fingers and prepared to leave.

Why are you still here after you've finished the free stuff? Are you waiting to be held responsible?

"Student Lin Chuan, do you really yearn for the sea too?" Ye Yao looked at him and couldn't help asking.

"The sea is beautiful but also dangerous. There are both extremely ferocious beasts and small creatures like this in it. Who wouldn't yearn for it?

An ancient book says: "There is a fish in the North Sea, its name is Kun." Kun is so big that it cannot be stewed in a pot. If I have a chance, I will definitely catch one and eat it, hahaha..."

After saying that, Lin Chuan turned and left.

In his previous life, Lin Chuan’s hometown was in a coastal city. If possible, Lin Chuan really wanted to go to the seaside.

In this world, the closest place to the sea is Qinglong Ring City.

The sky is high and the land is far away, and most people will never have the chance to go to other ring cities in their lifetime.

"There is a fish in the North Sea, and its name is Kun. Which ancient book did it come from? I'll call Grandpa when I get back."

Ye Yao muttered to herself.

……

"Teacher Du, why are you following me all the time?"

Lin Chuan wandered around the venue, planning to get something for free again.

"If you don't go around, can I follow you?"

Du Yong was too tired to complain.

This Lin Chuan is really a tough guy. I don’t know what he wants to do, but he definitely doesn’t plan to train well.

"It's like this. Although your level is far behind, I can see that you can summon beasts very quickly. You have a solid foundation!"

This means the same as praising a poor student for his beautiful handwriting.

"Um, this, just having hands will do."

Lin Chuan answered nonchalantly.

It’s strange, why didn’t Yan Ritian summon the beast?

"Well, I see that your beast is of the defensive type. Can you tell me its specific attributes? I can arrange targeted training subjects for you." Du Yong felt that Lin Chuan could still be saved.

"What are the training subjects...?"

Lin Chuan looked around. The creatures with four hooves were running around happily, and the creatures with wings were flying around in the hall...

Spraying fire and water is quite interesting.

Xu Dazhi's beast is an armored beast, and it is wrestling with another beast in the shape of a goat.

"Is there something wrong with this? Isn't this how everyone trains?"

Du Yong was surprised by Lin Chuan's reaction.

"Well, my beastmaster teacher has seen it, it's a big turtle, it only has defensive attributes. These may not be suitable for me."

Lin Chuan scratched his head and said.

There was a girl's pink rabbit running around under the skirts of a group of girls on the field. Lin Chuan thought that Lao Hei might like to have a tortoise and hare race.

"That's right, but you have great talent, why did you choose a defensive beast?"

Du Yong asked with a look of regret on his face.

"Alas, I can't help it. Some things are not my choice..."

As he spoke, Lin Chuan's face was full of stories.

Du Yong understood a lot instantly.

Looking around, there are so many students here. Although they are named as the key classes of No. 3 Middle School, they may actually be worse than ordinary classes of other schools.

Whether it is talent or financial resources, the gap exists from birth and can never be made up by acquired efforts.

What Lin Chuan said is true. The turtle Lao Hei chosen by the golden finger must be the biggest.

I can only hope that after I advance to Silver, I can choose a more powerful one.

"Teacher, I know. Everyone has their own reasons. Even if it's Ye Yao, who has an S-level talent and is the apple of the Ye family's eye, there's nothing she can do..."

Du Yong sighed.

Lin Chuan immediately discovered the highlight:

Ye Yao, S-level talent?

"Teacher, Ye Yao's talent is S-level, so why is she here?"

"Her talent is S-level [Heart of the Ocean]. Contracting a monster with ocean attributes increases the training speed and strength by 500%. When fighting in the sea, the strength of controlling monsters increases by another 500%."

"f**k, so perverted." Lin Chuan was so envious that his body was hard.

"Yes, it is indeed very abnormal. When the S-class appeared, the entire 81st District was shocked, and even the inner city was alarmed. But, unfortunately..."

Lin Chuan knew that the reversal was coming.

"You should know that even the S-level talent [Flame Master] can only increase the strength of fire-attributed beasts by 300%. A perverted attribute like [Heart of the Ocean] also has a perverted limitation, which is that it can only contract beasts with ocean attributes."

Can only contract marine beasts? That's useless!

You know, Xuanwu Ring City is 180,000 miles away from the sea.

There are countless territories of monarchs and king-level beast masters in the middle.

It is extremely difficult to cross the wilderness, and only the king level can succeed. Although the Ye family has some power, it is far from being qualified to ask the king level to take action.

"Born in the wrong place!" Lin Chuan sighed.

"Yes, if she was born in Qinglong City, she would definitely be a top genius. Legend has it that half of Qinglong City is an archipelago created by reclaimed sea. A place like that is the ring city where Ye Yao should be born."

"That's not right. Where did her jellyfish come from? Could it be blown here by the strong wind?"

Lin Chuan then remembered that Ye Yao also had a contract with a beastmaster.

Originally, Lin Chuan thought that this jellyfish was a freshwater jellyfish, and that seeing a jellyfish would make him think of the ocean or something. This was pure nonsense on his part.

There are also many freshwater jellyfish!

However, since Ye Yao successfully signed the contract, it means that this jellyfish really came from the sea!

"You are right, it was blown by the wind.

Ye Yao had given up on the idea, but last year a huge storm swept across the entire Xuanwu City. Someone discovered a new species outside the city, thought it was fun, and caught them and sold them as pets.

By chance, Ye Yao also fulfilled her dream of becoming a beastmaster, although she was only an ornamental beastmaster. She was also a transfer student like you and only entered school last year. "

Lin Chuan also marveled at the magic of fate and the speed of S-level talent.

The contract was successfully completed last year, and it has only been half a year, and it has already reached seven stars. This speed, no one can match it without cheating.

But that restriction is like a mountain.

Why does it feel like Ye Yao is the one who got the protagonist's role?

Suppression in the early stage, and adventures in the later stage?

Could this also be a thick thigh?

Lin Chuan looked back and sized up Ye Yao.

Not rough, but white.
