Chapter 19: Lao Hei's Training Method.[ Stepping Into the Air Quickly]
Originally, Du Yong wanted to find a few offensive beast masters to practice offense and defense with Lin Chuan. Simply put, the opponent's beast masters would attack, while Lao Hei would defend, which seemed to help train the beast masters' ability to withstand attacks.

However, Lin Chuan thought about it and refused.

I'm not worried about Lao Hei, it's mainly because there is not much profit.

The purple [Advanced Fruit] needs to absorb combat experience to mature. There is no combat experience to be absorbed by simply practicing getting beaten. Both sides must have the "will to fight".

What's more, Lao Hei's counterattack is no joke. Don't let the opponent's beast die in the middle of the fight. Does Lin Chuan have to pay for it then?

Lin Chuan will not do business that will lose money.

After beating up the yellow-haired guy and losing almost one and a half months' worth of resources, Lin Chuan felt extremely painful.

Moreover, Lin Chuan did not intend to expose Lao Hei's cards so early. If he had to reveal his cards, it must be during the class exam.

It would be best if the first battle is against Yan Ritian.

You want to snatch my Lin Chuan’s reward? You’re dreaming!

……

In the end, Lin Chuan found a training method that suited him and Lao Hei.

Lin Chuan was seen looking calm and composed, sitting cross-legged on Lao Hei's back, and then letting Lao Hei walk around the training hall in circles, calling it "moving forward with a heavy weight".

Then, when passing by other people's beasts, it is inevitable that a little bit of contact will occur 'inadvertently'.

After going around all the way, I figured out most of it.

However, that shady old b*****d Yan Ritian seemed to have always been wary of Lin Chuan and would not give him any chance.

Lin Chuan didn't care. There was still a long time to come and there were plenty of opportunities.

Lin Chuan has memorized all the beast taming attributes that he has explored. He just needs to wait for the red fruits to ripen and then make rubbings directly according to the priority order.

Of the two red [Skill Fruits] obtained at noon, one was used on Ye Yao's UFO jellyfish.

[Elemental Force Field] lv1 (Active, uses water elements to keep the body suspended in the air, lasts for 10 minutes)

Just as Lin Chuan expected, the skill he copied was [Elemental Force Field]. Although [Elemental Breathing] was also good, Lao Hei was amphibious, no, now he was amphibious on land, sea and air.

Unless in an extremely extreme environment, [Elemental Breathing] is really useless, such as outer space or magma. It is normal that it cannot be copied, after all, it is a race-specific skill.

The other one was used on the pink rabbit to imprint a skill called [Air Speed].

[Air Speed] Level 1 (Active, when jumping in the air with all four limbs, step on the air to accelerate, moving forward 100 meters in 3 seconds.)

If the rabbit hadn't bumped into Lin Chuan's arms, Lin Chuan probably wouldn't have been able to touch it. And the impact was not small, and an ordinary person who hadn't been strengthened might have died on the spot.

This [Air Speed] would be rubbish to Lin Chuan if he hadn't imprinted the skill [Elemental Force Field].

Which turtle can jump like a rabbit?

But with the [Elemental Force Field], things are different.

The combination of the two is god-level.

The turtle will take off from the spot, and then use the rocket to headbutt you and send you into the sky. This seems reasonable, right?

……

Soon, Lin Chuan's unique training method won him a lot of female fans.

The main thing is that Lao Hei's ugly and cute appearance turns out to be quite cute after looking at him for a long time.

Every girl who came over wanted to touch Lao Hei's head unconsciously, which made Lao Hei very annoyed.

Staring at the other person with a look that showed he would not eat oily cakes, only made the other person tremble in pain.

Lin Chuan touched his face and couldn't help but doubt himself: Damn, this face is not as popular as Lao Hei?

……

Happy times are always short. After two or three hours of training, it was time to go home from school.

Lin Chuan successfully saved a lot of his image with his unique style, and quickly integrated into the class. After all, "exploding Huang Wei" was a bit of a blast.

It is not difficult to see that the class is roughly divided into three circles.

One is a circle of girls, about ten people. At least on the surface they seem to be harmonious, but in reality it’s hard to say.

The second is the ordinary boys' circle, which has the largest number of people but the weakest strength. In fact, they should not be counted as a circle, because most of them play with each other and deserve to be exploited by Yan Hao.

Finally, there is Yan Hao and Huang Wei, who have the smallest number but the strongest strength. There are four or five people in total, but they are very united, with Yan Hao as the leader.

Lin Chuan has no intention of being a messenger of justice. He comes here just for free resources and the qualification to take the university entrance exam.

However, there is a natural conflict between him and Yan Hao, and one of them is destined to be unlucky.

Even if what happened this morning hadn't happened, the conflict between Lin Chuan and Yan Hao would have been unavoidable.

After all, the winner takes all, and competing with Lin Chuan for the first place reward is no different from asking for his life.

Even if there is a chance, Yan Hao's "protection fee" business should be taken over, and it would be best if he could collect it from girls as well.

Yan Hao, now that he has become a bandit, he still cares about gentlemanly manners? Isn't this just crazy?

No. 3 Middle School is too small, and even District 81 is too small.

Since when, Lin Chuan's attention was no longer on the small fish and shrimp in this pond.

Perhaps, it is because of the carefreeness after living a new life...

Perhaps it was because of the pride I felt yesterday morning when I soared into the sky on the back of the Giant Rock Eagle King...

Perhaps it was because of the roars of beasts outside the ring city that frightened even the giant eagles...

……

It's time to go home from school before five o'clock.

Lin Chuan walked slowly on the road, feeling extremely comfortable.

"It's still more comfortable to go to school this way..."

Thinking back to the first few days after I came here, I slept only four or five hours a day, and spent the rest of the time memorizing books and doing exercises. It was really not a life for a human being.

Curled up like that, just for a job like a beast tamer chef or poop scooper.

"I don't know what happened to Wang Long. He's just like Yan Hao, a fake b*****d!"

There is no way, pretending is my nature. If I were invincible, I would be more pretentious than anyone else...

"Hahaha……"

Thinking of this, Lin Chuan couldn't help but laugh out loud, causing the students around him to quickly avoid him.

Lin Chuan didn't care at all and walked towards the villa area.

……

A few dozen meters behind Lin Chuan, Ye Yao followed behind him at a leisurely pace.

After all, it’s on the way and it’s right next door.

Ye Yao bit her lip and wanted to chase after him, but she was embarrassed.

Besides, there were bodyguards sent by her grandfather watching her secretly, so it was even more difficult for her to just go over there.

She didn't have any thoughts about Lin Chuan, but it was the first time she heard someone express their longing for the ocean. It was very novel and made her want to continue communicating with him about the ocean and the ancient books and sayings he read...

"Is Beiming the name of the sea?" "And how big is the fish Kun?"

Everything made her addicted.
