Chapter 20: Fire Resistance Max, Iron Eating Technique
The next day, Lin Chuan didn't cause any trouble and went to school as usual.

During the morning practice, Lin Chuan rolled his eyes, went to Yan Hao's small group, and sat down as if no one was around.

"Mr. Yan, look, what is he doing here?" Huang Wei whispered.

Before Yan Hao could say anything, another classmate in the group, Zhao Hu, laughed and said, "Huang Mao, there are so many of us, are you still afraid of him? Are you scared of being beaten?"

"Am I afraid of chicken feathers?" Huang Wei said stubbornly.

"Okay, let him sit wherever he wants. Let him be free for a few days."

Yan Hao said coldly.

Lin Chuan stole the show yesterday, which made Yan Hao very unhappy.

Especially those girls, they were so attracted by the turtle that they screamed and groaned. How superficial...

"When the class exam comes, I'll teach him a lesson..."

Coincidentally, Lin Chuan also planned this.

……

The formation was activated, and this time the concentration of spiritual energy was normal. The students quickly entered the state of cultivation.

Lin Chuan didn't let go and suck hard this time, but came every few minutes, and then every few minutes...

In this way, only this small area is affected and there is little impact on the entire classroom.

However, Yan Hao felt very uncomfortable.

Every time these people were about to get into the state, the concentration of spiritual energy suddenly dropped.

Although things returned to normal quickly, the disrupted rhythm of cultivation required time to adjust.

It’s just like sleeping. If someone wakes you up every half hour, even the Buddha would be furious.

"Damn, what's going on with this spiritual energy? Is the machine not repaired?" The yellow-haired man said to himself.

"Maybe there's bad contact. It will be fine soon." Zhao Hu replied.

"Bad contact, why didn't you say the classroom was leaking air?"

"Stop arguing. How come everyone else is fine? They'll be fine soon."

Yan Hao suppressed his annoyance and forced himself into a state of cultivation.

……

Du Yong was on the stage, observing the students' cultivation status from time to time, and going out from time to time to check the consumption rate of spirit stones.

"It's still normal. Although it is still consumed faster than in the past, at least it won't affect the students' practice."

It was just some spirit stones, which the Third Middle School could still afford. If there was a problem with the formation, it would be a disaster. The Ministry of Education could directly use this reason to close down the school without waiting for the college entrance examination results.

"Maybe it's just that the equipment is aging..." Du Yong thought with some relief.

……

After finishing his morning training, Lin Chuan made do with it, and the spiritual energy he absorbed also ripened most of the [Energy Fruit].

"Ah, practicing is so cool!"

Lin Chuan yawned and stretched.

"Have you practiced?"

Du Yong's eye twitched, and he could see it clearly from the stage.

This kid was either looking around or daydreaming and dozing off. He didn't practice for even a minute.

No wonder his grade is so low, he is already at the bottom of the class. If he doesn't work hard, there is no hope. It seems that he is just here to get a high school diploma.

Du Yong smiled bitterly to himself. He thought this kid could still be rescued, but it seemed he was overthinking.

I decided not to bother with him anymore.

Let's focus on Yan Hao, the hope of No. 3 Middle School. Over the past three years, Du Yong has watched him improve steadily step by step.

With good family background, he will surely become a great man in the future.

……

In the blink of an eye, more than a week has passed.

These days, Lin Chuan gets the spiritual energy for free in the morning and takes the opportunity to make some money in the afternoon. It's really great.

The training life in the world of beast taming is so plain and boring!

Lin Chuan has used most of his [Enhancement Fruit] these days on the skill [Fire Element Resistance].

Don’t ask, the answer is fill it up.

[Fire Resistance] lv9 (passive, reduces fire damage by 50%)

Under normal circumstances, if you don't take potions or treasures, you can choose to upgrade one skill by one level for every star the Beastmaster upgrades.

Most beastmasters will choose to upgrade their active skills to the maximum first.

As for this kind of passive attribute that is biased towards one subject, unless there is no better one or there is a special need, few people would waste the opportunity to upgrade their skills on it in the early stages.

And Lin Chuan is obviously not an ordinary person, he plays a targeted game.

There is no other reason, it's just willfulness and arrogance.

There are still a few [Enhanced Fruits] left, and Lin Chuan kept them as a backup, just in case.

Other skills can be used at level one and will be used when encountering special situations.

At this stage, what Lin Chuan urgently needs is to master the combination of skills.

Generally speaking, a fight at the Black Iron level is basically a back-and-forth of punches and kicks, direct hand-to-hand combat, or long-range bombardment.

It's very plain and simple, nothing to see. There's no way, the skills are too few. Generally, there is only one active skill. Those with high talent may comprehend one or two more, which basically gives them an absolute advantage.

During these days, Lin Chuan basically copied out everything he thought was useful, and he had almost fleeced all the wool from Class 1.

There are also some skills that can be used for rubbing, but Lin Chuan just shook his head when he saw them.

For example, the skill [Luxury Hair] (passive, accelerates the growth of hair all over the body) comes from a sheep.

"Can Lao Hei learn this skill?"

Lin Chuan was shocked, but Huang Jinshu told him that he could make rubbings, so he could only believe it. Could it be that Lao Hei has the potential to be a cuckold?

However, Lin Chuan is determined not to learn this thing.

He just wants to take advantage of others, but he doesn't really want the wool. No, maybe he's just being picky?

Overall, it was a fruitful experience.

There is only one active skill, [Attack Speed ​​​​Up] lv1 (active, increases the target's normal attack speed by 30%). This is an auxiliary skill that can be applied not only to yourself or teammates, but also to opponents without any restrictions.

Normal attack acceleration, it is useless for Lao Hei to apply it to himself, but it is better than nothing.

As for passive skills, there are many:

First of all, Lin Chuan has already collected all the passive defensive abilities of the five elements: gold, wood, water, fire, and earth.

In fact, many of the beast tamers' passive skills are these, which leads to duplication, so the number of skills that Lin Chuan can copy is not that many.

The more valuable one is [Hibernation Self-Healing] lv1 (passive, slightly increases the healing speed of injuries when sleeping), which comes from a snake beast. It can be used immediately, which makes up for a little shortcoming, after all, Lao Hei can also be injured.

Another one is the passive skill [Iron Eating Technique] (passive, eating metal increases armor defense) contributed by the Iron Beast of the fat boy Xu Dazhi.

Inside the villa.

When Lin Chuan handed an empty iron basin to Lao Hei, Lao Hei was stunned: "What the hell, what does it mean to give me an empty basin? Can't I even eat fried rice with it?"

Seeing that Lao Hei was looking at him as if he was mentally retarded, Lin Chuan had no choice but to fill Lao Hei's bowl of fried rice again.

On second thought, Lao Hei doesn't need that little bit of armor. If he really wants to feed him precious metals, no amount of money or money Lin Chuan has will be enough.

Therefore, egg fried rice is better. It seems that Lao Hei is also a frugal beastmaster! !

In fact, Lin Chuan was more interested in another skill of Xu Dazhi's Iron Beast, [Charge] (active, locks on the target, and launches a fierce collision with the opponent.)

The active headlock technique made Lin Chuan drool, but it was a pity that Lao Hei couldn't learn it.
