Chapter 21 Practice Combination Skills, Compensation, And Agreement
There was no choice but for Lin Chuan to practice his skill combination first.

The combination skills that Lin Chuan created for Lao Hei have already been named, called "Rocket Headbutt".

The first step is to start the ignition and shift gears. No, it is to activate the [Elemental Force Field] and keep the body suspended in the air.

It doesn't need to be too high from the ground, two or three centimeters is enough.

The second step is to aim at the target.

Step 3: Launch. [Air Speed] starts.

"emission!"

Lin Chuan regretted it as soon as he finished shouting.

This is in my own yard!

Before Lin Chuan remembered to take back Lao Hei, it had already hit the courtyard wall like an arrow.

With a loud "bang", a hole was knocked out in the courtyard wall, and the entire front door wall was shaking.

That's not all. Lin Chuan's villa is only about ten meters away from the opposite door. After Lao Hei rushed out, he didn't stop and then crashed directly into the yard opposite.

There is also a hole on the wall of the courtyard opposite.

"f**k, it's over!"

Lin Chuan covered his eyes with one hand, unable to bear to watch any longer.

"Ah!..." Soon, several screams came from the opposite side.

"Who is this evildoer?"

"Someone is attacking, someone is attacking!"

……

Everyone on the opposite side was alarmed.

"This turtle, could it be Lin Chuan's beast?"

Ye Yao was surrounded by a group of bodyguards. When she saw Lao Hei, she recognized him.

"that……"

Lin Chuan gritted his teeth and walked over.

"This is my beast. Sorry, I will compensate for all the losses."

Having said that, he took back Lao Hei.

"You kid, you don't want to live anymore..."

A sturdy man with a dark face walked directly towards Lin Chuan, looking like he wanted to take action.

This group of bodyguards were at least silver level, and they didn't even take him, who was at iron level, seriously.

"Wait a minute, Captain Wang, this is my classmate."

Seeing this, Ye Yao quickly stopped him.

"Yes, ma'am."

After the sturdy man finished speaking, he stepped aside.

"Student Lin Chuan, do you want to explain?"

Ye Yao looked at Lin Chuan and found him very interesting. It was the first time she saw him embarrassed.

"Well, it was a mistake, a mistake. I was giving special training to Lao Hei, and I didn't control the strength well." As he said that, Lin Chuan pointed behind him, to his own yard, where the loss was even greater.

“Puff…”

Ye Yao laughed out loud.

"What kind of special training can make a turtle so fast and so strong!"

Ye Yao was very interested.

Everything that happened to Lin Chuan was so bizarre.

"This is a secret weapon. Don't tell anyone."

Lin Chuan naturally had no way to explain it, after all, one of his skills was borrowed from Ye Yao for free.

"I see, you are doing this to deal with Yan Hao!"

Ye Yao said with certainty.

Anyone who comes from this family is naturally not a know-nothing vase. You can guess it just by thinking about it.

"Who wouldn't want the first place reward? It seems like it was destined for Yan Hao. Let me see how I can defeat him!"

Just talk about it, Lin Chuan said casually.

Listening to Lin Chuan's 'dirty words', Ye Yao spat, then rolled her eyes and said, "Student Lin Chuan, how are you going to pay for the maintenance of this yard?"

If Ye Yao hadn't been surrounded by a number of ferocious bodyguards, as well as nannies and housekeepers who looked at him with wary eyes, Lin Chuan might have really uttered the words "compensation with flesh".

"Well, once you've figured it out, just tell me. Don't be too ruthless, or you won't be able to afford the compensation even if you sell me out."

Lin Chuan was not in the right in this matter and could only accept the loss.

"Who wants to rip you off? I have a construction team at home, just let them come over to fix it. Do you want us to fix yours as well? No, it should be called rebuilding. You just need to pay for the materials yourself, how about that?"

Ye Yao rolled her eyes at Lin Chuan, not knowing what she was planning.

"Thank you, big man."

What else could Lin Chuan say? He agreed with both hands.

"But I have a condition."

"You said, as long as I can do it."

Lin Chuan wrote one bad check after another, and he was never burdened by all the debts.

"Before I talk about this, there is one more thing. Last time, I specifically asked my grandfather about the ancient Huxia text you mentioned, but he had never heard of it. Moreover, I checked it online, but couldn't find any information. Did you just make it up to deceive me?"

As she spoke, Ye Yao's eyes became dangerous. If Lin Chuan dared to lie to her, then both the new and old grudges would be settled.

So that's it. Lin Chuan was puzzled. These past few days, when he saw Ye Yao in class or on the road, she always had a constipated expression as if she wanted to say something but couldn't. Lin Chuan thought she was feeling uncomfortable because of her period.

After all this time, this is it?

"There is a fish in the North Sea, its name is Kun. Kun is so big that no one knows how many thousand miles long it is. It turns into a bird, its name is Peng." Lin Chuan recited a few sentences and then stopped. As for the rest, he doesn't remember.

"What's behind it? What's behind it?"

Ye Yao was so anxious that she went crazy. For the first time, she felt that ancient Huxia literature was so attractive.

"The rest may have been lost. I've only seen these few sentences. The general meaning is that there is a monster in the sea that is thousands of miles long. This monster can also transform into a bird and block out the sky and the sun."

Lin Chuan made up stories and sounded very serious.

But they didn't see it. Not only Ye Yao, but everyone else had a look of horror on their faces.

"It's several thousand miles long... what level is that?"

"God level."

Lin Chuan is sure that the legendary 'Kunpeng', at least it started out as a mythical beast.

After he said this, everyone else looked at him as if they had seen a ghost.

"What a daring boy! He actually has information about the divine beast and even calls it by its name! No, I have to inform the master. It's too dangerous for the young lady to be his classmate!!"

The old housekeeper wiped the sweat from his forehead and made plans in his mind.

"Well, classmate Lin Chuan, I understand. Don't mention the god level so easily in the future. It's scary."

Ye Yao patted his chest and spoke carefully.

"That's nothing. If I have the chance to go to the sea in the future, I will definitely catch one and try it..."

Ye Yao covered her ears and dared not listen to the shocking words that followed.

After Lin Chuan finished speaking, Ye Yao let go of his ears and said, "Then my condition is that if you have the opportunity to go to the beach, remember to take a few photos or videos and bring them back to me. It's simple, isn't it?"

Ye Yao said in a casual manner.

"No problem, that's easy. I can bring you some seafood specialties or something." Lin Chuan really felt that this condition was nothing.

Then I remembered that the network between the ring cities was cut off, and ordinary people could not receive information from other cities. Ye Yao, the "Ocean Goddess", had never seen what the real ocean looked like. She was also a poor kid.

"That's a deal!"

"It's a deal."

Lin Chuan naturally knew what going to the beach meant. It meant that one's own strength had to be at least at the king level to be qualified to make the attempt.

It’s just the king level, Lin Chuan doesn’t think it’s difficult for him.

After all, I have a cheat code!
