Chapter 22 Boss, Give Me Money! Iron Stone Golem, Taunting
Back at the villa, Lin Chuan, who had just been full of ambition, collapsed in an instant.

"Why doesn't this girl just help me fix it and that's it? Why does she want to pay for the materials?"

Even though Lin Chuan complained, he still didn't have the nerve to say no.

After all, it was good enough that people were willing to help and didn't ask him for compensation.

Lin Chuan had no choice but to take out his phone and send a message to his sponsor:

"Boss, transfer the money!"

Within ten seconds, Lao Qin called.

"No money?"

"It's not enough."

Lin Chuan said honestly.

"One hundred thousand a month is not enough. Did you f*****g go to pr*st**utes or gamble?" Lao Qin yelled.

"I don't look down on people. I've always been a freeloader."

Lin Chuan said stubbornly.

"So you were caught for being a freeloader, and you want me to pay you to redeem you? Shouldn't you have stayed in school and practiced hard?"

Judging from Qin Yan's tone, he seemed to be on the verge of exploding.

"It's like this, I rented a house outside. I was practicing my skills carelessly and damaged the house, so I have to repair it."

Lin Chuan sensed danger and quickly controlled the temperature.

"What's your level?"

This is what Qin Yan cares most about.

“It’s already six stars.”

Lin Chuan answered, and fed Lao Hei seven or eight [Energy Fruits] in one breath.

Lao Hei chewed and chewed, then continued to sleep. It’s six stars.

In this way, Lin Chuan was not lying. He still had a bottom line and did not deceive the old man in his sixties.

"Um……"

Qin Yan pondered for a moment, then expressed his satisfaction.

Then, he said, "Why is it only upgraded to one star?"

Lin Chuan: “???”

Old Qin, you are getting too proud. Do you think the speed of upgrading one star every ten days is too fast?

"Well, I've used up all the resources provided by the school. Can I get an advance on the association's subsidy for next month? The class exam is coming up in a few days, and I plan to work harder."

Lin Chuan knew that Qin Yan would definitely agree with this.

"Okay, I was planning to send it to you in the next two days. Wait, I'll be there soon..."

"Ah? Actually, there's no need to be so anxious..."

Before Lin Chuan could finish his words, the other party hung up.

Looking outside, it was getting dark.

How long will this take? I won’t be woken up by Lao Qin climbing through the window in the middle of the night. That would be too scary.

"How about ordering takeout first?"

Lin Chuan ordered the takeout, watched a TV series on the computer, and waited for the takeout to be delivered.

Twenty minutes later, Lin Chuan's cell phone rang.

Lin Chuan didn't even look at it. After the call was connected, he said directly: "Put it at the door. Thank you!"

"Do you think I'm a delivery man? Your exact location is above your school."

From the other end of the phone came Qin Yan's roar.

"Ah, Mr. Qin, you're here? So soon?"

"Don't talk nonsense. I have something else to do after I deliver the things to you."

"There is a villa area not far from the school. The yards of two houses are broken. By the way, it's so late, can you see it from the sky?"

"Don't underestimate my Eagle King. It can see you holding an embroidery needle from a kilometer away. Haha..."

"So awesome?" After a few seconds, Lin Chuan finally reacted: "f**k..."

……

“Tick…tick…”

Lin Chuan knew that Qin Yan had arrived without him saying anything on the phone.

The Eagle King's cry was so shocking that all the chirping of insects and birds in the area disappeared.

"Mr. Qin, come in and sit down."

Lin Chuan went out to greet him, Qin Yan stood in the yard, and the Eagle King was circling in the sky.

"Forget it, I won't go in. After I give the things, I have to leave the city again."

Qin Yan looked at Lin Chuan with satisfaction in his eyes. Although he complained about the slowness, he was actually satisfied.

"You just came back from out of town?"

Lin Chuan guessed, no wonder he arrived so quickly.

"Well, do you think I'm idle? If it weren't for me and my people cleaning out the monster nests outside the city regularly, how could you sleep peacefully? Alas, I'm old, and it's not easy to retire."

With a wave of his hand, he took out the potion and spirit stone that he had promised to give to Lin Chuan and handed them to him.

Space equipment?

Lin Chuan's eyes widened with envy.

"Don't look at it, just earn money and buy it yourself in the future."

Qin Yan said it easily. At his level, things that can be solved with money are definitely not a problem.

"How much?"

Lin Chuan wanted to listen to it to make himself give up.

"The cheap ones range from tens of thousands to hundreds of millions, and the more expensive ones range from hundreds of millions to billions. The more expensive they are, the more space they have."

Qin Yan said indifferently.

Crack, this is the sound of dreams shattered.

Lin Chuan is still worried about the hundreds of thousands of repair material costs. He dare not think about things that cost tens of millions in the short term.

"Mr. Qin, am I really not your illegitimate child? It doesn't matter if he's not your biological child."

"Get lost."

"Is it really impossible?"

“……”

Seeing Lin Chuan like this, Qin Yan thought about it and came up with an idea: "I still have a few extra of these worthless little things. If you can get first place in the district mock exam in three months, I'll give you one."

"really?"

"How can I, at my age, still deceive a child like you?"

"Okay, it's a deal."

In Lin Chuan's opinion, isn't this a perfect gift for him?

At this moment, somehow, Lin Chuan felt that he and Yan Ritian had a common language.

It feels great to be appointed internally.

"I'll tell you in advance that this year's No. 1 and No. 2 Middle Schools already have Black Iron Nine-Stars. Even if you can reach Nine-Stars within three months, it won't be easy to win the championship. I'm betting with you just to motivate you, don't put too much pressure on yourself.

Even if you don’t win, as long as you can enter a key university through the college entrance examination, I will send you there.”

The admissions criteria for key universities are that nine stars is just the threshold. Talent, skills, practical experience, and luck are all essential.

"Don't worry, Mr. Qin. Trust me, I will definitely win."

After hearing what Lin Chuan said, Qin Yan didn't say anything more.

The two courtyards were destroyed to this extent. The turtle with "defense attribute" was obviously not simple. Lin Chuan must have his trump card.

Qin Yan would not delve too deeply into it. The stronger Lin Chuan was, the happier he was.

"Oh, there's one more..."

As he spoke, Qin Yan waved to the Eagle King in the sky, signaling him to come down.

"Tsk..."

The Eagle King landed and called out to Lin Chuan as a greeting.

At this time, Lin Chuan discovered that the Eagle King was holding something in its claws.

"Here, this is the elite monster corpse I promised to give you."

Lao Qin introduced

Then, the Eagle King threw the thing directly in front of Lin Chuan.

This thing looks like it's made of stone, with hands and feet, like a failed stone sculpture.

"Is this a monster?"

Lin Chuan couldn't help but wonder.

Besides, what he wants is the flesh and blood of the monster, why are you giving me a stone?

Does Golden Tree recognize this thing?

As he spoke, Lin Chuan squatted down and prepared to check.

As Lin Chuan's hand just touched this thing, the sudden detection result scared Lin Chuan.

This thing is not dead, it's still alive!

Monster: Iron Stone Golem (Elite Five Star)

Skill: Single Taunt lv6 (Active, forces a single target within a 5-meter range that is not one large rank higher than you to perform a normal attack on you. Duration: 7 seconds, cooldown: 1 minute)

Iron Fist Smash lv5 (Active, charge for 2 seconds, and use both fists to hit the target at the same time.)

Stoneskin lv4 (active, physical defense increased by 45%, movement speed reduced by 50%)

Gargoyle Bloodline (Passive, race-specific, after the energy crystal core is destroyed, it will enter a state of suspended animation and petrification. It will revive after condensing a new energy crystal core.)

Potential: Five-star leader
