Chapter 23: Retaliation Plus Taunting, Anyone Who Sees It Will Go Crazy
[Found matching skills... Successfully printed]

"Take rubbings, take rubbings, take rubbings quickly."

Before the tip was finished, Lin Chuan couldn't wait to make a copy.

I don't want any other skills, I just want that [Single-target Taunt]!!!

My turtle has the counter attack skill, so how come it doesn’t have a taunt skill?

After sinking into the space of consciousness and seeing that [Single Taunt] was actually successfully copied, Lin Chuan stood up with satisfaction.

"Mr. Qin, where did you get this thing?"

"Recently, many new monster nests have appeared outside the city.

This is just one of them.

These things are huge in number.

Whenever they go out, there are hundreds of them gathered together, and there are high-level commanders.

They are extremely difficult to deal with.

I have no choice but to go there myself."

"Then do you know that this thing is not completely dead and is still alive?"

"What the hell?"

Qin Yan's face was full of disbelief.

Even the giant eagle looked down at its claws.

The Iron Stone Golem was caught by the giant eagle all the way, with holes all over its body, and no breath, it was obviously deader than dead.

"Since you have killed a lot of these things, you should have collected some energy crystal cores. Let's try one and see."

"Okay, let's try it." After saying that, he took out a crystal core that exploded from the iron stone golem and threw it on the 'corpse'.

It was also the first time that Qin Yan encountered such a bizarre thing. Thinking back to the number of them all over the mountains, if they could not be killed in one go, once they spread, the consequences would be disastrous.

Sure enough, the crystal core dissolved at a speed visible to the naked eye and was absorbed by the "corpse".

This crystal core becomes the new energy core of the Iron Stone Golem.

Then, a layer of stone on the surface of the Iron Stone Golem began to fall off, and its entire body became smooth.

The holes on his body that were originally scratched by the giant eagle healed unnoticed.

"f**k!"

Even with Qin Yan's self-control, he couldn't help but curse.

In the past few days, the Beast Tamer Association has been sending out missions to go out of the city to deal with these things. In addition to Qin Yan, there are also many gold and silver level teams to destroy the monsters.

The standard for completing the task is calculated based on the energy crystal core.

Therefore, almost everyone only dug the core, and the body of the Iron Stone Golem was left in the wild.

After all, this stuff is all stone and has no value.

Now, it is discovered that this thing is not completely dead. It can absorb energy on its own and then revive!

Isn’t this just a screw up?

What does this mean? It means that Qin Yan may have to work overtime to rework!!!

"No, I have to go back and talk to those guys, otherwise, I will have to trouble you again next month!!!"

After saying that, Qin Yan planned to leave.

"By the way, this thing can't be kept."

As it spoke, the giant eagle used its claws to tear the black stone golem apart, and the energy crystal core that had just formed rolled down to Lin Chuan's feet.

"It's all your fault. You won't let me rest in peace. I'll give you the money for repairing the yard when I'm done."

Qin Yan jumped onto the eagle's back and flew away.

It looked like he really planned to leave the city directly.

Originally, he was planning to go see Lan Lan, but now he is not in the mood.

Lin Chuan touched his nose, feeling that Mr. Qin was making indirect accusations. But who made him the sponsor?

Afterwards, Lin Chuan picked up the energy core on the ground and happily went to the Black Stone Golem.

Feel it with your hand.

"f**k, he's still dead."

Lin Chuan estimated that only by completely tearing this thing into pieces could it be considered truly killed.

I sent this message to Qin Yan via mobile phone, and he only replied with one word.

Lin Chuan was too lazy to click on it and just deleted it.

"It would be a bit of a waste to just kill this thing."

Lin Chuan looked at the iron stone golem on the ground, thoughts constantly popping up in his mind.

After thinking for a while, Lin Chuan came up with a plan.

Then, he dragged the iron stone golem to the corner and went into the house.

If this thing does not have a large amount of energy replenishment, it will take at least two or three months for it to absorb enough energy to revive itself.

He opened the box Lao Qin had given him, and inside were three bottles of two kinds of potions, two primary spirit stones, and a complete monster crystal core.

The potions and spirit stones were promised to Lin Chuan, but as for the crystal cores, it was said at the beginning that they might not be available.

Including the one just used on the Iron Stone Golem, it is equivalent to giving Lin Chuan two monster crystal cores this time, far exceeding the original promise.

An elite-level monster crystal core is worth as much as potions and spirit stones combined.

Thinking of this, Lin Chuan couldn't help but shook his head.

The more favors you owe, the bigger they become.

If it was just a simple transaction, Lin Chuan would not have any emotional fluctuations.

What we are afraid of is this kind of unreserved giving that goes beyond the transaction itself. No matter how much, it is all a favor.

Human favors must be remembered.

……

After the potions and spirit stones were absorbed, Lin Chuan was given 10 [Energy Fruits] and 3 [Skill Fruits].

Now Lin Chuan still has nearly fifty [Energy Fruits] left, and it is estimated that he can upgrade Lao Hei to Black Iron Eight Stars.

There are still quite a few red [Skill Fruits] left, mainly because there is not much wool to be taken from Class 1.

What he lacked the most was, on the contrary, the yellow [Enhanced Fruit]. Apart from ripening one every day by himself, there was no other way to ripen it except through the flesh and blood of monsters.

As a result, Lin Chuan could only stare at the dozen or so skills, and his life was very tight. He could only upgrade one skill by one level every day. Who could understand this kind of "hard" life?

The three skill fruits that I managed to save were directly given to Lao Hei to strengthen the skills that he had just obtained:

[Single Taunt] Level 4 (Active, forces a single target within a 5-meter range who is not one larger rank higher than you to perform a normal attack on you, lasting 5 seconds, with a cooldown of 1 minute.)

This skill makes up for one of Lao Hei's shortcomings. As a tank with thick skin and flesh, he must stack the thickest armor and withstand the most severe attacks.

What if others don’t fight?

Lin Chuan has also thought about this problem, and of course there is a solution.

Then we have to mention the legendary martial arts move - "Come here", once these four words are uttered, I don't believe anyone can endure it.

Originally, Lin Chuan was ready to fight physically, but just as he was dozing off, a pillow appeared.

With the taunt skill, it is more certain that you will be first in the class.

Lin Chuan could already imagine the ecstasy that the beastmaster was feeling when fighting against Lao Hei.

“Hehehe…”

Inside the villa, from time to time, there was a creepy laugh...

……

On the other side, inside the Ye family villa.

Bodyguard captain Wang Meng and a group of bodyguards were staring at the opposite side nervously.

When the Eagle King cried, even if they did not summon their own beasts, they could feel the trembling of the beasts in the beast control space.

"This is the monarch level..."

Wang Meng murmured, he was almost forty years old and was only at the Gold Two Star level. He probably would never be able to reach the Diamond level in this lifetime.

"Boss, who was that person just now? He looked familiar... The aura of that beastmaster was too terrifying."

After Qin Yan left, the younger brothers around him dared to ask.

"The branch president of the Beastmaster Association District 81, Mr. Qin, Diamond Seven Stars."

Wang Meng replied in a low voice that he had seen the head of the Ye family a few times before.

"Diamond, Seven Stars..."

The younger brothers behind him swallowed their saliva.

"Boss, did you want to take action before? They called for help!"

"Bullshit, don't talk nonsense, do you want me to die? Besides, Mr. Qin has already left, it must not be because of this."

Wang Meng wiped the sweat off his forehead, feeling relieved, and then shouted, "Everyone, keep patrolling. Before the yard is repaired, the patrol force will be doubled, and we will work in two shifts 24 hours a day."

"ah?"

The younger brothers groaned, but did not dare to object, let alone complain to Lin Chuan, the culprit who destroyed the yard.
