Chapter 24 Class Exam Begins
The end of the month is here, and the long-awaited class exam is today.

"Classmates, the rules remain the same. Everyone come over here and get a number. Your opponent will be randomly assigned on the screen later. It's absolutely fair and open."

Inside the training hall.

Du Yong held a tablet and a bunch of number plates and spoke to the students.

"Also, those who are unwilling to participate will automatically be ranked last."

After Du Yong finished speaking, many students looked at Ye Yao intentionally or unintentionally.

Afterwards, most of the students came forward and got their respective numbers.

Lin Chuan, No. 24.

In addition to Ye Yao, there were several other girls who did not participate. Their beasts had almost no combat power and were either for viewing purposes or purely for auxiliary purposes.

Auxiliary Beast Tamers are at a disadvantage in one-on-one battles, but they have room to perform well in the college entrance examination.

After all, the college entrance examination looks at comprehensive abilities.

"Brother Lin, how about it, are you planning to f**k Yan Hao?"

The fat boy Xu Dazhi asked in a low voice.

"Of course I will. Anyone who dares to steal my reward will be crushed to pieces!"

“……”

'"Fatty, what does your family do?"

After half a month, Lin Chuan became more familiar with this guy, mainly because this guy would always stay close to Lin Chuan whenever he had time.

Lin Chuan could clearly feel that in the past half month, this guy's body size was expanding at a speed visible to the naked eye.

What kind of family is this? Can they withstand you eating like this?

"Butcher, what's wrong?"

“？？？”

"Is this meat fresh?" Lin Chuan asked casually.

"Of course it's fresh. All of it is fresh monster meat that was just killed and sent here not long ago."

"Oh, monster meat."

That's okay.

"Otherwise, ordinary meat is not valuable and can't be sold for much money."

Lin Chuan looked at Xu Dazhi again, no wonder he was so fat.

You know, after the beastmaster's body is strengthened, the excess fat will automatically burn faster. The basic diseases that ordinary people will get will no longer threaten the beastmaster.

So, it’s not particularly easy to gain weight.

This kid’s strength hasn’t increased, but his weight has increased faster than anyone else. It turns out he eats monster meat every day!

"How do you sell meat?"

Lin Chuan thought that he was in urgent need of monster flesh and blood, and wondered what the price would be.

"The meat of extraordinary and elite monsters costs hundreds to thousands of yuan per pound. Brother, what kind of meat do you want to eat? I'll give you ten pounds. I recommend pink rabbit meat. It's very fragrant. It tastes good braised, stir-fried, or stewed..."

When it comes to food, the little fat boy talks endlessly.

"Stop talking, my mouth is watering."

Lin Chuan quickly asked him to stop.

Pink rabbit? Lin Chuan looked at a girl, and it seemed that her beast was a pink rabbit.

No wonder this fat guy always glances over there from time to time.

I thought this kid had finally come to his senses?

After all this time, it turned out that Lin Chuan was overthinking it.

Lin Chuan felt that he needed a lot of monster meat, and those skills that needed to be strengthened were like a bottomless pit!

Lin Chuan naturally didn't dare to let Lao Qin pay the bill.

There's no way to say this. Lin Chuan has to figure it out himself.

Currently, Lin Chuan’s greatest reliance is the golden tree and its fruit.

But this thing definitely can't be sold directly, Lin Chuan still needs to think about it.

Beastmaster High School is truly a place of hidden dragons and crouching tigers.

Even in the worst Beast Taming School No. 3, there are many rich second-generations with strong family backgrounds, but their talents are a little lacking.

However, even if one's talent is poor, with the family foundation laid by his parents, it is not difficult to provide a fortune, and this way there is hope for continued prosperity.

Ordinary students either rely on hard work or mutation...

……

While he was thinking, the competition arena was ready and the first group had already entered the arena.

The two parties, one is Zhao Hu, a member of Yan Hao's group, and the other is a boy named Sun Wang.

This boy usually has little presence, and his beast is an ice wolf.

Beast Tamer: Ice Wolf (Super Six Stars)

Skill:

Pounce and Bite lv6 (Active, pounce on the target at an accelerated speed, attack with claws and teeth first, causing tearing and bleeding damage.)

Cold Path lv1 (Passive, when moving forward, leave a layer of ice path behind. Duration 10 seconds, when walking on the ice, the speed increases by 10%.)

Potential: Elite Nine Stars

Lin Chuan couldn't copy these two skills, and he didn't think it was necessary.

[Cold Path] is a good control skill, but considering Lao Hei's speed, forget it.

However, Lin Chuan felt that Sun Wang's points for the Ice Wolf were wrong.

At least, [Cold Path] should have a few more levels.

Sun Wang and Zhao Hu stood opposite each other, and there was an obvious difference in their momentum.

Sun Wang was aware of Zhao Hu's strength, and there was a hint of fear in his eyes.

"Ready, set, go."

At Du Yong's command, the two began to summon.

Two summoning circles appeared in front of both sides at the same time, and their progress was almost the same.

However, Zhao Hu was still a second faster.

A fiery red lizard instantly appeared on the field.

"Poison Salamander!"

"Old Zhao is so fast!"

……

"Fireball, charge."

Zhao Hu naturally would not waste this second and had already started preparing his skills.

The moment the ice wolf appeared.

"put!"

Zhao Hu cried out in his heart.

Suddenly, a fireball the size of a basketball shot out from the mouth of the poisonous fire lizard, aiming directly at the ice wolf.

"Ice Wolf, get out of the way!"

Sun Wang hurriedly gave the order.

In just a few tenths of a second, the ice wolf dodged the attack, with only a little bit of its fur being scratched.

The fireball hit the energy shield at the edge of the ring and shattered into a ball of fireworks.

"Ice Wolf, run around the field and look for opportunities."

Sun Wang wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and gave orders secretly.

Although he knew he was no match for Zhao Hu, he didn't want to be the first to be eliminated instantly.

"What are you struggling for?"

Zhao Hu sneered.

Everyone already knows the whole story, no matter how hard you struggle, you can't win.

"If you want to play, I'll play with you."

For the next two minutes, Zhao Hu did not take the initiative to attack, but just watched the Ice Wolf perform.

At this moment, most of the venue was covered with ice, and almost every ice wolf could get a speed bonus.

Sun Wang knew that he couldn't delay any longer as the Ice Wolf's strength would soon be insufficient.

"Now!"

The Ice Wolf seized the flaw left by Zhao Hu and launched an attack in the blind spot of the poisonous fire lizard.

The sharp claws directly scratched the lizard's carapace, and then the ice wolf was about to bite its throat.

"Got it!" Sun Wang couldn't help but feel happy.

At this time, a flame shield appeared on the body of the poisonous fire lizard, which could block some of the attacks.

But it doesn’t matter, the ice wolf will be able to scratch it quickly as long as it is not hit by the fireball.

Sun Wang was also familiar with the skills of the poisonous fire lizard.

The flame shield is a passive one and is triggered when attacked for the first time. Sun Wang had anticipated this.

Now, it depends on whether the ice wolf breaks the shield first or the lizard's fireball hits first. Now the ice wolf is on the back of the lizard, which has a great advantage.

"How dare you."

Zhao Hu decided to make the other party despair and end this farce.

"Poisonous Salamander, shoot it out."

On the field, the ice wolf was about to bite the lizard's neck. Suddenly, he felt a sharp pain in his waist, and the whole wolf flew out and hit the edge of the fence, and stopped moving.

"f**k..."

"What's going on..."

"Why did the Ice Wolf fly away? Didn't it have the upper hand?"

Below, classmates were discussing the matter.

Sun Wang's face turned pale and he hurriedly put the Ice Wolf into the Beast Taming Space. The Ice Wolf was seriously injured and it would probably take a month to recuperate.

"You have such a cruel hand!"

Looking at Zhao Hu, Sun Wang was extremely angry.

"You said it as if you didn't intend to use any force. I could have sent you away with just one fireball. I was just playing with you for fun."

Having said that, Zhao Hu walked straight down to the stage.

"You...your beast mastered a new skill?"

Sun Wang pointed at Zhao Hu and asked what most of the students were thinking.

"Haha... guess it yourself, the second place prize has been reserved by me, Zhao Hu."
