Chapter 26 Isn't That Pure Idiot?
"I'm thinking about tactics." Zhou Ming said.

"What are you thinking about, Nima?"

Some students were unhappy, but there were still many students waiting behind them.

If the stalemate continues like this, we can play for a whole day.

We are all doing this for real, why are you wasting time here?

"Zhou Ming, attack first and test the waters."

Off the court, Yan Hao also winked at Zhou Ming.

Lin Chuan's giant turtle falling from the sky really shocked him.

Even a defensive beast tamer is terrifying.

Fortunately, Zhou Ming allowed him to use this trump card in advance. If it was his turn first, he might have been tricked by him.

"All right."

When Zhou Ming heard Yan Hao's order, he had no choice but to let the spider make a trial attack first.

"Three-eyed spider, attack with your foot spikes."

Following Zhou Ming's order, a trace of confusion flashed in the Spider's eyes.

It’s so big and hard, how do I hit it?

However, it will definitely execute the Master's orders immediately.

Overcoming its instinctive fear, the three-eyed spider went forward.

This spider is covered with weapons. Its fangs are like daggers, and the feet of its eight legs are like sharpened arrows, flashing with faint light.

The spider quickly moved in front of Lao Hei and stabbed Lao Hei's eyes with its toes.

[Hardened Armor] has been activated for a long time and is now at level 6, which can enhance physical defense by 35%.

With the passive of [Rock Armor], the whole body is covered with a layer of stone like scales.

Lao Hei shook his head casually, tapped his forehead with his toes, and picked off a piece of stone.

The spider kept attacking, but Black just defended passively.

"feasible!"

Zhou Ming was instantly excited. It seemed that the turtle was just intimidating because of its size.

As we all know, defensive Beast Tamers have no means of attack in the early stages.

What's more, it's a turtle. In addition to its high defense and thick blood, it is also very slow, and is at the bottom among defensive beasts.

Many of the students below have also discovered this.

"What? It seems that defensive type is just defensive type after all, it's useless."

"f**k, he almost tricked me..."

"But it's handsome!"

The little fat boy said weakly.

If he could exchange, he would prefer to have a giant beast of this size, which would match his body shape very well.

As for Lin Chuan, he got the information about the spider through Lao Hei's contact:

Beast Tamer: Three-eyed Spider (Super Seven Stars)

Skill: Corrosive Fangs lv7 (Active, use fangs to inject venom, causing the opponent to continuously receive toxic damage, and the attack on the poisoned target is increased by 35%.)

Toxic Affinity lv1 (Passive, immune to poison damage from beasts with a star rating of 3 or less)

Barrier-breaking Spiritual Vision (racial passive, not affected by foggy terrain and illusions)

Potential: Five-star leader

This beast is a little bit top-notch.

Especially the last race's passive skill [Breaking Barriers], which is a magical skill for outdoor and secret realm adventures. Many teams will specially train such a talent.

Unfortunately, [Break the Barrier Spirit Eye] cannot be copied, after all, it is a racial skill. Lin Chuan guessed that it was the extra eye that had it.

However, [Toxic Affinity] could be copied, so Lin Chuan accepted it with a smile.

It's very comfortable to be able to fleece the enemy, and the pleasure is doubled.

"Bugs...itchy"

Lao Hei kept sending out thoughts and seemed very annoyed.

If Lin Chuan hadn't told him not to move, he would have sat on the bug to death.

Who says that the Taishan Yading can only be used for sneak attacks? You can still crush it without sneak attacks.

However, Lin Chuan did not intend to be exposed so early.

It’s reasonable for a turtle to grow bigger, but isn’t it a bit outrageous that it can suddenly fly?

It's easy to make people think of something.

……

Zhou Ming attacked carefully while fighting wits and courage with the air to guard against Lin Chuan's surprise attack.

However, Lin Chuan did not take any action.

Gradually, it grew bolder and even dared to let the spider jump onto Lao Hei's back to look for an opportunity to use its fangs.

"Damn it, I gave you face, didn't I? If you want to bite, I'll let you bite as much as you want!"

"Old Black, taunt and increase attack speed, give it a little speed."

Instantly, the skill is activated.

The three-eyed spider was considering where to start its bite when suddenly it felt its eyes blurry.

Why does the turtle shell in front of it look so much like the murderer of its father, although it doesn't know who its father is.

Never mind, there is just an extreme feeling of hatred dominating my brain.

Red, the spider's eyes are red.

Open your mouth wide, showing your fangs.

Then, he used all his strength to bite the turtle shell.

Crack...

Two fangs, broken.

"hiss……"

There was a collective gasp from the audience, as if their own teeth were starting to hurt.

This is not the end yet.

Since the tooth is broken, use the tip of your toes to stab it.

Then, a "ding ding ding" sound was heard on the turtle shell, probably the sound of an embroidery needle piercing an iron plate.

Two seconds later, there were continuous "click, click..." sounds.

Eight legs, almost all broken.

And this was only three seconds later, with two seconds left.

On the opposite side, Zhou Ming, who had just been full of pride, finally reacted and quickly put the spider away.

If it doesn't retract, it will use its spider head to smash the opponent's tortoise shell.

Became the first Beast Tamer in history to commit suicide during a competition.

Zhou Ming admitted defeat, his face turned pale, and he returned to his seat in a daze.

Along the way, the students took the initiative to make way.

"How cruel, Zhou Ming..."

"It's really cruel... I can't think about it, my teeth are starting to hurt again."

……

"Zhou Ming, I respect you as a man." Huang Wei's eyes were full of admiration.

"Zhou Ming, you've done enough. In fact, this doesn't have to happen..."

Yan Hao patted Zhou Ming on the shoulder and comforted him.

He just wanted Zhou Ming to try the quality of Lin Chuan, but in the end, it turned out like this.

Now, we have indeed found out something, that is, this turtle shell is really f*****g hard.

Zhou Ming had no way to defend himself and his mind was a mess.

Everything was fine at first, but suddenly the spider lost control and started a crazy suicidal attack, without even using any skills, just going for it.

The only thoughts that came from the three-eyed spider were things like "revenge for father's murder" and "hatred for wife's being stolen".

Damn, the hatred for killing one’s father is understandable, but what the hell is the hatred for stealing one’s wife???

You've been under contract since birth, and you haven't seen any other three-eyed spiders yet!

What's more, you are a female spider, a female spider!!!

Zhou Ming felt like he was going crazy. The beastmaster had fallen into a deep sleep and he wasn't feeling well either, so he needed to recuperate.

Finally, he reminded Yan Hao:

"Master Yan, that guy is not simple, you should be careful. I suspect that guy has used some tricks in secret..."

"I have my own plan. I will use long-range attacks on him when the time comes. Besides, his turtle should also be of water attribute. Wouldn't it be naturally countered by me on the shore?

Who would fight such a big turtle in close combat? Wouldn't that be pure stupidity?"

Zhou Ming: "???"Σ(☉▽☉"a

Huang Wei: …
