Chapter 27 How Can I Gain Weight?
The other side.

Lin Chuan took back Lao Hei with a look of disgust. The three-eyed spider had shed a lot of dark green blood on Lao Hei's back. He had to put it in the swimming pool to take a bath when he got back.

However, Lin Chuan was satisfied with the actual effect of taunting and counterattack.

The mutual force of the collision between the two is enough to make the spider suffer. Plus the 50% damage rebound, and it is rebounded in the form of energy attack. Plus the spider's own defense is not high, it is like an egg hitting a stone, it will break at the first touch.

When the opponent punched him, he was doubly injured.

When Lao Hei won, a flash of purple appeared in his sea of ​​consciousness. The [Advanced Fruit] finally made some movement. It was a good start, and Lin Chuan felt even happier!

He walked calmly to the stage and met the complicated gazes of his classmates.

Amazement, fear, joy... all of it.

Du Yong's look was even more complicated. He originally thought that the other party was just trying to get by, but it turned out to be a hidden giant crocodile.

Either don't make a move, or if you do, it's a sure kill.

He was somewhat knowledgeable and knew that Lin Chuan must have secretly used some control skills.

Otherwise, the beastmaster would really go crazy and bang his head against the rocks.

Moreover, Du Yong finally came to his senses. Lin Chuan's outrageous actions these days, as well as his refusal to accept the offensive and defensive training he arranged...

Everything is done to paralyze the opponent, especially Yan Hao and others.

Because he knew that Lin Chuan’s goal was also to be number one.

Such a character, such forbearance, such a strategy... Du Yong felt scared, fortunately he did not offend him.

Then, there was another burst of ecstasy: Counting Lin Chuan and Yan Hao, is it possible that Beastmaster No. 3 Middle School will rise this year? I will invite the principal to come and watch the competition in the afternoon.

Who knows, maybe the principal will raise his salary if he is happy, hehe...

Fortunately, Lin Chuan didn’t know that Du Yong had such a complicated evaluation of him, otherwise, he could only say, Teacher, you think too much.

Especially that kind of hanging-hair training, where you hang a sandbag and let Lao Hei hit it with his head?

Is that a serious illness?

“A-choo!”

Xu Dazhi suddenly sneezed. "You have a cold, isn't that normal?"

……

In the morning, everyone went through a round of competition and 12 people were selected to enter the next round.

To Lin Chuan's surprise, the fat boy also made it to the second round.

The main thing is that his Iron Beast has a headlock skill, so unless the opponent can fly, it is at least a one-for-one trade.

His opponent, however, was unlucky as he was a leopard-like beast, so no matter how fast he ran, it was useless.

Because he didn't want the beast to get hurt, the other party took back the beast and admitted defeat.

On Yan Hao's side, except Zhou Ming, the other three all advanced.

Yan Ritian, in particular, didn't even have to go on stage. When the teacher announced the battle numbers, his opponent surrendered directly.

Let him install another big one.

Lin Chuan was very unhappy. He must have such a card too!!!

……

In the cafeteria, Lin Chuan was speechless as he looked at the dozen dishes on the table.

Seeing Xu Dazhi was about to get it, Lin Chuan quickly stopped him.

"That's enough. These are enough for the two of us. Also, bring some vegetables. All the meat is too greasy."

"Oh well."

After saying that, Xu Dazhi ran to the vegetarian window and took a few plates of vegetarian dishes.

"Brother Lin, vegetarian dishes are free! I wanted to give her money, but the lady refused to take it."

As Xu Dazhi spoke, he sat opposite Lin Chuan, picked up an elbow and started to eat it.

Lin Chuan finally understood that although this guy was eating in the cafeteria, it was no different from eating in a restaurant.

The canteen provides free vegetarian dishes and a small amount of meat dishes, which are nutritionally balanced.

But if you want to eat well, you still have to spend money.

This little fat boy has never been to the vegetarian area since the start of school!

Originally, Lin Chuan wanted to just eat a few bites by himself, but this guy insisted on dragging him along. Lin Chuan couldn't get away with it, so he had to let him treat him.

"You are being nice to me for no reason. Do you have something to say?"

"No."

"Really?"

"Isn't this just a way to celebrate Brother Lin's first place win in advance? Hehe... Also, that is..."

"What is it?" Lin Chuan knew that this kid must be holding something in his mind.

"What did your beast eat to grow so big? I also want my beast to grow bigger."

“……”

Lin Chuan almost vomited blood.

I thought the other party wanted to find out the secret of his strength, but I didn't expect that it was just this?

Unfortunately, this cannot be taught.

"Your family runs a butcher shop, and you ask me what to eat to gain weight? You can tell by looking at yourself..."

Lin Chuan waved his hands, indicating that he was powerless. Then he said:

"My beast becomes bigger, that's a skill, it shrinks back after I use it."

"Is that so?" The little fat boy looked disappointed. "Oh, how can I gain weight?"

“……”

"Then let me ask you, Brother Lin, why are you so powerful? I have a feeling that you can definitely beat Yan Hao to pieces."

"The poor rely on mutation, the rich rely on technology, what do you think?"

"I think you're a pervert!"

"Grass……"

Lin Chuan laughed and scolded, then started eating.

"Brother Lin, to be honest, I feel like you're getting stronger every day. Is there any secret you can teach me? Of course, if it's inconvenient, forget it."

Xu Dazhi couldn't see Lin Chuan's star level and attributes, but only the mysterious feeling and the temperament that Lin Chuan showed.

There was nothing wrong with his feeling. In addition to the feedback to the tamer's physical attributes when the tamer's level increased, the improvement brought by learning skills and skill upgrades would definitely be fed back to Lin Chuan.

Simply put, Lin Chuan's current physical fitness, just in terms of the ability to withstand blows, is also very strong!

"Well, let's talk about this after the exam. By then, maybe I'll need your help with something."

"No problem, Brother Lin. If you have anything to say, just ask me. I, Xu Dazhi, will never argue."

The little fat man patted his chest and assured.

"Okay, let's eat first."

……

In the afternoon, the exam venue was changed to the school’s largest fighting hall, where the arena was 100 by 100 meters.

Such an arrangement naturally attracted many students from other classes to come and watch.

"This venue hasn't been used for a long time. What's going on today?" Many students were puzzled.

"It won't be a PK between teachers, right?"

“Potentially”

……

"Teacher Du, it's just a monthly exam. Is it necessary to go to such great lengths?"

In the stands, Lan Lan looked puzzled and asked Du Yong beside her.

"Principal, it is absolutely necessary. You will know when the time comes." Du Yong kept it a secret.

At this time, Lan Lan noticed Lin Chuan below.

"It's already six stars, not bad." Lan Lan whispered.

"Is the principal talking about Lin Chuan?" Du Yong asked.

"Um."

"Principal, what is Lin Chuan's talent? It's a bit special." Du Yong took the opportunity to inquire.

"B-level talent, accelerated growth. The awakening time is not long, so the level will increase faster. You don't need to be too surprised."

Lan Lan explained calmly.

"Is that so?" Du Yong whispered to himself.

He didn't want to be surprised, it's just that Lin Chuan was getting more and more explosive!

"By the way, how is his performance? A defensive beastmaster shouldn't have much room to perform, right?"

Lan Lan guessed that she estimated that Lin Chuan should have been eliminated.

"Well, he has also entered the next round. The principal will see for himself then."

Du Yong didn't know what to say, so he decided to let the principal see it for himself.

"Can defensive players also advance? It's really getting worse with each passing year, ah..."

Lan Lan frowned, looked down and said no more.

……

"The second round of competition will begin..."

"The first match, No. 24 versus No. 27."

What a coincidence, No. 27 is Xu Dazhi.

No way, it's all randomly matched.

“Brother Lin…”

The little fat boy looked bitter.

Letting him fight with Lin Chuan is just asking for trouble.

The classmates around couldn't help but laugh in glee.

"Come on, Xiaopang, go and trade with Lin Chuan..."

"A life for a hair...haha."

"There's nothing wrong with that..."
