Chapter 28: Breath of Flame, Blackened Old Black
"Teacher, I give up."

Xu Dazhi shouted loudly.

No student was surprised by this result.

"This little fat guy has a good relationship with Lin Chuan?" Lan Lan asked.

"I guess so. Lin Chuan doesn't really like interacting with his classmates. Xu Dazhi is the one he's closest to."

Du Yong nodded.

"No wonder. It seems that Lin Chuan is lucky and has a chance to enter the top three."

In Lan Lan's opinion, as long as Lin Chuan wins one more round by chance, he will be in the top three, although she doesn't think the hope is very great.

……

Next, only four rounds of competition were held to decide the top six.

Yan Hao's opponent still surrendered, there was no suspense.

"It's already eight stars, Yan Hao."

Lan Lan showed a satisfied look.

"Very good, Teacher Du, thank you for your hard work. I will give you a raise next month, haha..."

Lan Lan felt that this was the reason why Du Yong specifically asked her to come here.

"Um...thank you, principal."

Although Du Yong mainly wanted the principal to see Lin Chuan's, his goal was achieved, so he didn't explain much.

"Everyone, rest here for half an hour and prepare for the third round."

The six people who made it to the third round are already considered the elites among the three middle schools.

Except for Lin Chuan who has only six stars, the others are all seven stars, and Yan Hao even has eight stars.

If nothing unexpected happens, these people will be able to go to college, and if they try hard enough, they can even go to a key school.

"Principal, how are the other classes doing? Are there any outstanding students?" Du Yong asked carefully while looking at the students below.

"Alas, most of them are only four or five stars..."

Lan Lan sighed and said no more.

He insists on the idea of ​​teaching everyone and giving students with lower talents the opportunity to receive education, and Lan Lan will naturally continue to implement it.

……

In the third round, two games have already been played.

Among them, Zhao Hu and another girl named Luo Shuiyun advanced.

At this time, many people had expressions of watching a good show on their faces.

In the next game, only Lin Chuan and Yan Hao were left.

Lin Chuan was able to eliminate Zhou Ming and already had the strength to be in the top three, but he did not expect to meet Yan Hao directly.

No one thought that Yan Hao would lose, and even Du Yong just expected Lin Chuan to perform well and show off in front of the principal.

"It's a pity for Lin Chuan, he could have been in the top three." This is the voice of most of the students.

"But at least we can get into the top five. Aren't the rewards for third to fifth the same?"

"How can it be the same? The top three, it sounds good when said out loud."

"cut……"

……

On the stage, Lin Chuan and Yan Hao stood on their respective contestant platforms.

His eyes were full of fighting spirit, at least that's what it seemed to others.

"Look, I'm going to destroy you today!!!"

The two of them are in sync (vomit), and have the same idea.

"The two of them have such sharp eyes!"

"f**k, bullshit, you can see it from such a distance!"

"Speaking of which, since the end of the first year of high school, Yan Hao has rarely fought in school battles."

"Yeah, a bunch of wimps, they surrendered without even summoning the beast."

"You said it as if you weren't."

"I'm a support type, so what if I surrender? Unlike you guys...if you dare, challenge me in a one-on-one fight!"

"Come on, who's afraid of who?"

"No summoning of beasts, real hand-to-hand combat!"

"Get out of here, muscle man!"

……

"Let's get started."

Du Yong made a brief announcement and said no more.

This 100-meter arena is enough for two people to perform well.

As for Lin Chuan's sneak attack tactic, it naturally could not be used because he had no way to summon Lao Hei to such a far place.

Moreover, the venue is large enough, and it will be useless if the opponent is prepared.

However, Lin Chuan had not originally intended to use that trick.

In this battle, he would defeat him fairly.

After all, the principal is watching.

"Old Black, come out to work."

The next second, a black shadow crashed onto the ring.

When it appears, it still explodes.

"What the hell, what is this..."

The students from other classes were stunned, staring at the giant beast on the ring, speechless.

As for the students in Class 1, they were much calmer. After all, Lin Chuan had already raised their shock threshold.

"You're surprised by what you've seen, isn't it normal for the beastmaster to be a little bigger?"

A classmate from Class 1 said calmly.

"Is this a bigger problem? Are you bullying me because I've never seen a turtle?"

"No wonder he can compete with Yan Hao, he really has something..."

"Class 1 is indeed a key class."

As a result, when other students looked at everyone in Class 1, they all had a hint of awe in their eyes.

Before the students finished discussing, another loud noise drew everyone's attention to the other side.

"roar……"

Accompanied by a roar, Yan Hao's [Lava Giant] was also summoned and appeared.

The lava giant is three meters tall and is made up of burnt black and red rocks. Magma constantly bursts out from the cracks in his body.

In terms of the degree of explosiveness when appearing, the Lava Giant is no less than Blackie.

"Awesome! This oppressive feeling reminds me of the fear I felt when I was dominated by it two years ago."

"Yeah, the last time I saw him, he was only 2 meters tall and only a 5-star Black Iron. Now I'm a 6-star Black Iron, and this guy is already an 8-star. Damn..."

"So, the stronger, the bigger..."

"What are you talking about, big?"

"Beastmaster, what else could it be?"

……

"Lin Chuan, I know your plan. Don't worry, I won't fight you. In this battle, I have the advantage."

Yan Hao looked at his beast, his heart filled with pride.

The two people were a hundred meters apart, so naturally there were some equipment that could amplify the sound of their conversation.

After all, what’s a competition like without trash talk?

"Just come on, I said I would beat you up. You've dragged it out for so long, so I'll collect some interest today." Lin Chuan scratched his ear and said nonchalantly.

“Arrogant!”

"Don't engage in combat with it, just use ranged attacks to consume it."

Yan Hao secretly gave orders to the lava giant.

Then, the lava giant strode to a place 20 meters away from Lao Hei.

Suddenly, a huge flame spewed out from the lava giant's mouth, covering the entire area where Lao Hei was.

"It appeared, the breath of fire..."

"With such a large area, there is no way to hide."

"How can I dodge? You overestimate the speed of the turtle..."

“It’s so damn hot!”

At this moment, the arena was like a furnace, constantly radiating heat.

The students around were sweating from the heat and moved away from the place.

"Old Black, how is it?"

Lin Chuan asked in his heart.

He was still a little worried, hoping he would get roasted.

There is not much to eat when you roast the turtle, it is better to make soup.

"Warm... warm."

Lao Hei conveyed a very enjoyable feeling.

"Grass!"

……

The field seemed like a still picture.

On one side is a lava giant spewing flames, like a god or demon.

On the other side, it was roasted black, although it was originally very black.

The skill lasted for more than ten seconds.

Many students could no longer bear to watch it.

It's already been roasted into charcoal, how can you still see it?
