Chapter 29 a Brilliant Victory
"miserable!"

“How tragic…”

"Finally the casting is over. It turns out this skill can last for more than ten seconds. I surrendered after only two seconds."

"You actually fought Yan Hao head-on. I respect you as a real man!"

"What about this guy? He actually took on the entire skill."

"Yeah, why doesn't he take back the beast?"

This is the voice of everyone.

No one thought that after being burned for more than ten seconds, Lao Hei could still be alive and kicking.

Besides, this is a beast tamer's skill, different from ordinary fire.

"Isn't he dead?"

"Then we can start the feast. This place is so big that it can only produce a lot of meat!"

Lin Chuan glanced at the guy who announced the start of the meal, and as expected, it was the fat guy Xu Dazhi.

I don’t know if he is confident that Lin Chuan will win, or if he is really so heartless.

Anyway, there was no worry in his eyes.

……

In the stands, Lan Lan remained silent and stared at the ground below after Lin Chuan summoned Lao Hei.

She could sense some information about Lao Hei, including his level, including his body shape maintained by skills and his vigorous vitality. These were not what an ordinary-level animal could possess, but were on par with an elite-level animal.

Moreover, after being roasted by the fire for more than ten seconds, this thing actually kept sleeping. It even stuck out its tongue from time to time to lick the taste of the flames.

Damn, what a freak!

Lan Lan almost couldn't keep her composure.

"Principal, do you want me to stop them..."

Du Yong was a little worried. It would be a disaster if a beastmaster really died during the exam.

"Why call for a halt? Just wait and see."

As she spoke, Lan Lan's eyes lit up with a smile. This Lin Chuan might really be able to bring some surprises to No. 3 Middle School.

……

"Are you still not admitting defeat? Or have you already given up resistance, hahaha."

Yan Hao laughed.

"Have you finished throwing up? Are you tired?"

Lin Chuan's slow and leisurely voice instantly silenced everyone.

"It just so happened that there was dirt stuck to the tortoise shell this morning, so I disinfected it for Lao Hei. Thank you!"

After saying that, Lin Chuan told Lao Hei to stop lying down and stand up and take a few steps to warm up.

"What!"

"It looks like there's nothing wrong with it."

"Yeah, it's like a sauna."

Yan Hao's face flushed red, and he looked incredulous.

Thinking back to how smug I was just now, I felt like a clown.

"Don't be too happy! Lava Giant, use lava!"

Then, the lava giant roared and smashed his fists to the ground.

Then, a large number of lava holes appeared on the ground around Lao Hei. Then, a large amount of lava gushed out from these holes, covering the entire place where Lao Hei was.

"The bath water is hot..."

This is Lao Hei's reaction.

Sauna plus bath, one-stop service.

The temperature around the ring became even higher.

Many students had almost retreated to a place where they could no longer see the two beast masters, but they were reluctant to miss this great show.

"This is the Lava Giant's strongest skill. Let's see how you can resist it."

Yan Hao said harshly, his eyes red, staring straight at Lin Chuan.

As the strongest of the three, he would never allow himself to fail.

But what he didn't know was that Lin Chuan had already maxed out Lao Hei's fire resistance (reducing fire damage by 50%), and added [Attack Absorption] lv1 (passive, when attacked by the same type of skill, the effect gradually weakens, with a maximum reduction of 20%).

Well, the idea of ​​taking a lava bath is a bit exaggerated.

After all, who would take a shower in 50-degree hot water for no reason? It won’t burn you to death.

Yan Hao naturally didn't know all this, but he had a vague feeling that the other party was not seriously injured.

This is a bit embarrassing. All your cards have been revealed, but the other party is still calm.

"Does that mean it will end in a draw?" Yan Hao shook his head. "No, it won't be a draw. As long as I keep fighting him, I will definitely be judged as the winner in the end. After all, I took the initiative to attack more times."

Having made up his mind, Yan Hao instantly regained his composure.

Soon, the skill ended.

The entire arena was completely unrecognizable, with burn marks and potholes everywhere.

In some places, there is still residual magma and black smoke.

As for Lin Chuan, Lao Hei was still standing.

"Wow……"

"It's too powerful!" countless students exclaimed.

"Based on this skill alone, it is already not inferior to Yan Hao. With such strong fire resistance, as a defensive beastmaster, it has a bright future..."

"Yes, on recruitment websites, fire resistance is a very popular advantage..."

"That's not right. What are you doing browsing job websites?"

"If you can't get into college, you can only work, what do you think?"

"f**k, stop talking..."

……

"Is this your strongest skill? It doesn't look good, little bro!"

Lin Chuan's voice was still as hateful as ever, making Yan Hao extremely angry.

After finally calming down, Yan Hao said loudly: "Your beast is just a little bit resistant to fire, it's just a defensive beast. In the end, I still win."

Lin Chuan stared at the lava giant in silence, as if he had already acknowledged that what Yan Hao said was true.

Some of the students around him also looked regretful. Is there still no one who can break Yan Hao's undefeated myth?

Unfortunately, Lin Chuan's beast is of defensive type.

However, if there is no such strong defense, how can we resist Yan Hao's attack? This problem has no solution.

"Old Black, take aim for me this time!"

"allow……"

"Start aiming and firing!!!"

Lin Chuan's order came in one go.

"Rocket Headbutt!"

"You want to surrender?"

Yan Hao was so happy that he didn't hear what Lin Chuan said at all.

"Surrender!"

"What!!" Yan Hao also saw clearly what was happening on the ring at this time.

I saw a huge black shadow rushing straight towards the lava giant like a rabbit.

Is this a turtle???

"f**k, get out of the way!"

In fact, the lava giant had already started dodging without Yan Hao's order.

If Blackie attacks in a straight line, the Lava Giant will definitely be able to dodge it.

"Get over here, you b*****d!"

It happened in the blink of an eye.

After entering the five-meter range of the lava giant, Lao Hei immediately launched a taunt.

Suddenly, the lava giant's brain seemed to have crashed and stopped for a moment.

He didn't even need to walk towards Lao Hei, just pausing for a few tenths of a second would be enough.

"Bang", "Bang", "Bang"

The two giant beasts collided.

In other words, the lava giant was knocked to the edge of the ring and fell to the ground.

The powerful impact created a big hole in its chest, and magma flowed out like blood, desperately.

"Master Yan, quickly put it into the beast control space!"

"Oh... OK."

Only then did Yan Hao seem to react. If he delayed any further, his life would be in danger.

It was the first time for him to experience failure and he had no experience at all.

As for Old Black, he had all kinds of buffs stacked up before the collision, and only lost a few layers of rock skin.

All I can say is, a complete victory.

A very explosive victory.

The entire venue was in complete silence.

Yan Hao, who had dominated No. 3 Middle School for three years, was defeated. Now, a new king ascended the throne.
