Chapter 30 Can You Give Me the Reward First?
"Principal, this..."

Du Yong's face turned pale and his speech was incoherent.

Lan Lan took a deep breath and said, "You saw something strange about Lin Chuan's beast this morning, so you asked me to come and take a look."

"Yes, this, Principal, I didn't know this guy could defeat Yan Hao!"

Du Yong was almost crying and didn't know what to say.

I had been hoping that Lin Chuan would just bring a little surprise, but this was such a shock that it was a bit too much to handle.

"Not bad, very good..."

"Principal, don't speak sarcastically, I'm scared!" Du Yong whispered.

"I'm not being sarcastic. Starting next month, your salary will be doubled. Apart from attending classes, you only have one task, and that is to keep an eye on Lin Chuan." Lan Lan said in a serious tone.

"How are you keeping a close eye on him? Is there something wrong with this guy?" Du Yong asked doubtfully.

"Meet all his requests. If you can't do it, don't refuse directly. Report to me first. The rest of the time, ignore him."

How can this be called staring? Isn't this just serving the prince?

However, this is not difficult for Du Yong.

After all, wasn't it always like this before? He ignored Lin Chuan, and Lin Chuan didn't cause any more trouble.

As for whether Lin Chuan has any special requirements, it seems normal at the moment.

"Okay, I'm leaving now. You can go down and take care of the class."

After saying that, Lan Lan left.

Besides being secretly happy, she was also full of questions: where on earth did Lao Qin find such a freak?

The astonishing speed of absorbing spiritual energy is fine, but defeating the opponent head-on by two stars is also acceptable.

The point is, is that the speed a turtle should have? Even the beastmaster is a freak!

Thinking back to what Lao Qin said before, "It was three stars before, but now it's five stars..."

"hiss……"

Lan Lan didn't dare to think about it anymore and decided to contact Lao Qin immediately.

……

Off the field, Lin Chuan was already surrounded by a crowd of people, but no one came up to talk to him. They just looked at him with awe.

Lin Chuan was thinking back to the information from the lava giant:

Beast Tamer: Lava Giant (Superb Eight Stars)

Skill: Lava Spout lv6 (Active, a large amount of lava gushes out from the ground, covering the surrounding area, forming a magma terrain, lasting for 30 seconds, and the lava will continue to cause a lot of burning damage.)

Fire Breath Level 3 (Active, sprays a fire breath forward, causing fire damage with a burning effect.)

Lava Fire Ring (Passive, close range attacks with fire damage)

Hellfire Bloodline (Passive, race-specific. After the body is broken, as long as the heart is intact, it can absorb a large amount of fire attributes to reshape the body.)

Potential: Command the Nine Stars

As expected, he is the Beast Tamer who has suppressed No. 3 Middle School for three years. Even if the other students in the class come together, it would be difficult for them to defeat him.

Whether it is output, control, long-range attack, or close combat, it has good performance. What's more, there is a race-specific passive, another immortal skill.

This is even more exaggerated. As long as the heart is still there, the person can be resurrected.

Lin Chuan's eyes sparkled with envy.

It’s a pity that Lao Hei couldn’t make a copy of any of them.

Not being able to get the wool is like eating noodles without garlic, the taste is half gone!

Lin Chuan only felt a little sad.

To his classmates, this expression looked like a lonely expert.

Is this what it means when you are at the top it gets lonely?

……

Du Yong quickly dispersed the students who were watching and took the class back to the classroom.

As a result, the subsequent competitions have not yet taken place.

After all, the arena is in such a mess, what's the point of the competition?

However, the main show has already been performed, so the stage is no longer necessary.

As for one of the leading actors, Yan Hao, he did not return on the grounds that he needed to heal his injuries as a beastmaster.

"Well, today's competition is temporarily terminated and will continue next week!"

Du Yong made arrangements loudly.

"teacher……"

At this time, Lin Chuan spoke up and said he had something to say.

"What's the matter? Tell me." Du Yong tried to speak in a gentle tone.

"Well, even though the competition isn't over yet, can you give me the first place prize first?"

Lin Chuan said confidently.

Du Yong: “???”

"Well, that's not so good. After all, the competition isn't over yet, and other students still have a chance..."

As he spoke, Du Yong looked at Zhao Hu and Luo Shuiyun.

These two will compete with Lin Chuan for the top three rankings.

"Teacher, I agree! In that case, we only need to fight Luo Shuiyun and I to determine the top three."

Zhao Hu agreed without waiting for Du Yong to finish speaking.

Another round with Lin Chuan? You must be kidding.

Speaking of which, among Yan Hao's foursome, Zhou Ming, Huang Wei and Yan Hao were all abused by Lin Chuan, and only Zhao Hu escaped.

"Teacher, I agree too."

Luo Shuiyun is a tall girl with delicate features.

She hesitated for a moment and then agreed.

Originally, everyone thought Yan Hao was the first choice, but no one expected such a dark horse to emerge halfway.

In fact, this dark horse directly beat the first place, which directly stopped the two people from competing for the first place.

"In that case, then fine. I will give you the first place prize before school is over. Next, practice on your own and reflect on what you have gained from today's battle."

After saying that, he left the classroom.

……

In the classroom, most of the students were still excited and unable to calm down.

Many students who had not taken Lin Chuan seriously before now had an expression of wanting to say something but stopping themselves, trying to get closer to him.

However, Lin Chuan was too lazy to care about all this and sat down alone to sort out today's gains.

After two battles, I only imprinted one skill, [Toxic Affinity], which is better than nothing.

The biggest gain is the change of the purple [Advanced Fruit].

It is no longer just a hint of purple, but has turned into a small circle of purple, about 1%.

In other words, if you defeat 100 Yan Haos, you can advance to silver?

Damn, where can I find a hundred Yan Haos?

Otherwise, torture Yan Hao a hundred times.

Not to mention that Yan Haotong disagreed, as Lin Chuan's strength increased, it was estimated that there would be no combat experience to absorb at this level.

However, Lin Chuan is not in a hurry. As long as there is a progress bar, it is a good thing.

Moreover, maybe Lao Hei doesn't need to eat this advanced fruit to advance to silver. It would be great to keep silver and upgrade to gold! !

As he thought about it, Lin Chuan's smile gradually became abnormal...

"Brother Lin, Brother Lin...stop drooling."

Xu Dazhi shook Lin Chuan.

"f**k, you scared me."

Lin Chuan touched the corner of his mouth, thinking that his smile just now was indeed a bit too perverted.

"Brother Lin, you really broke Yan Hao to pieces, you are so fierce!"

"Of course, I'll smash it to pieces if I say so!"

"However, Yan Hao is a narrow-minded kid, and his family has some influence. We don't have to worry about anything at school, but we're afraid that he'll cause trouble outside of school!"

"What does his family do?"

"It seems like he has a little bit of everything, but his main business is still monster materials and crystal cores. Moreover, his family has several hunting and exploration teams. I heard him brag that they always get a lot every time."

"Well... we do have to be careful of the other party playing dirty tricks."

Lin Chuan will not be arrogant. Although the city is considered a society ruled by law, he does not rule out any possibilities.

Otherwise, why is it called a society ruled by law?

It is because there are many illegal acts that it is called a society ruled by law.
